A long time ago when I was in third grade I had a friend @PERSON2 who's mom was in a bad mood. She never laughed and she never smiled. Every time I saw her I would smile at her and all she would do was frown and keep walking. At first I didn't know she was a grouch i just thought she didn't like me or something.When @PERSON2 told me his mom was a grouch I started to laugh and laugh. He asked me what was so funny i told him that i thought his mom didn't like me or something because every time I see his mom I would smile at her and all she will do is frown and walk away. That made my friend laugh we were cracking up so hard that we got in trouble in class. The next day @PERSON2 and I were eating lunch at school when he says to me &lt;hey your pretty good at making people laugh&gt;.
Softball has to be one of the single most greatest sports alive; playing softball in college has always been a goal of mine. I love the dirt that sticks to your face, the sweat dripping from your forehead, and the gallons and gallons of water you poor all over yourself to keep cool in the blistering @CAPS2. Although I love softball I feel that the memories you acquire from the times you have with your teammates, are the things you remember the most through out your softball career. I have always had great memories through softball many laughs, tears, and frustrations so when I had the opportunity to play on a top notch team I looked forward to all the many more memories I would have. Hood @CAPS1 @CAPS2 was my team name, I had played almost four years with this local team. Many of these girls were like sisters to me they had treated me amazingly through out my years playing with them.
Some people like making people laugh, I love it. I will do most anything to get a good laugh. I will make fun of my self, do insanely stupid things, and sometimes hurt myself (not in any serious way). When I was little I didn't really understand laughter. For some odd reason I could never tell the difference if people were laughing at something or laughing with it. I was kind of "special" in some areas as a kid (I still am today). Still at the tender age of five I loved making people laugh, and being special I would do even crazier things for a laugh. Mind you I was kind of a spaz, and a really big spaz. I was the most hyperactive five year old you will ever meet. For example one time I hit myself in the head with a hammer, another time I was dancing around in class with a pencil in my hand, stabbed myself in the head with it, and needed stitches.
"LAUGHTER" @CAPS1 I hang out with my friends, the one thing we do best is laugh sometimes for no reason. The thing we tend to laugh about is running into trash cans, laundry or maybe even about what we ate for dinner the @TIME1 before. @CAPS1 I am usual stressed out the one thing I love is to hangout with my friends. they usual are good listeners. overall. Though they take your mind off things. So with my friends you can count on having a great time no matter what the occasion is. @CAPS1 I say trash can I really mean trash cans I remember this one time in the hall way at school my friend was hanging on to my back pack because she tends to loose me in the hall way a lot because I walk a lot faster then her, anyways the class bell had just rouge an all the student were heading to lunch we were.
Well ima tell a story about the time i got @CAPS3 down town. When i was heading down town to go meet some body it was cold,dark and just creepy. So on my way there i thought i went to far so i got the bus and was like were am i? I was counfused and like what the heck. Then i ask some one were am i at, the man said your down town i said i know just never mind i walked away kind mad like ugh. So i just called thenm and see were she was at the phone rings then she pick up. Were are you i said, she said down tonw i was like oh my gosh i know but never mind she was like were you at then i said some were in down town. Then she said stupid @CAPS2 on the bus and come down more so i waited for like @NUM1 then the bus comes and i was glad.
@CAPS3 I'm going to tell @CAPS18 a little story. I remember a time when @CAPS11 cousin @PERSON1 @CAPS3 I decided to make a snowman at @CAPS11 house in @LOCATION1, @LOCATION2. I say to him, I'm bored, @CAPS1 do @CAPS18 want to do?" @PERSON1 replies,"@CAPS2 go make a snowman." @CAPS3 I agree that that would be fun. @CAPS34 starts reaching for a jacket @CAPS3 gloves, but I stop him @CAPS3 say," @CAPS1 are @CAPS18 getting those for?" "@CAPS5's not cold @CAPS20." "@CAPS6," replies @PERSON1. "@CAPS33't say I didn't warn @CAPS18." We start our snowman by building the base (The biggest piece for the bottom). @CAPS3 after about @NUM1 minutes the base is almost done, but we notice that we're getting cold. "@CAPS7 we should go inside?" @PERSON1 says. "@CAPS8, I @CAPS7 mom will even make us some hot chocolate." @CAPS9 off we go back inside hoping for some delectably warm hot chocolate.
My best friend, @PERSON1 and I have been close ever since we were @NUM1. We met through @CAPS1 @CAPS2 lessons at our local dance studio. We've stayed close throughout the years because we've always done similar activities. We're very different from each other though. I'm more out going, I like to speak my mind and I'm more carefree. @CAPS4's the opposite. @CAPS4's very conservative and @CAPS4 can take things too seriously. But either way, we manage to even each other out. Finals week had just gotten over, and @LOCATION1 and I had been planning a sleepover all week. We just needed time to relax and have some time to ourselves. When I had gotten home from school, I gave her a quick call. "@CAPS3?" @CAPS4 answered. "@CAPS5, @CAPS12 time did @CAPS16 wanna hang out?" I asked. "I was thinking @NUM2?" "@CAPS6 good!" I quickly hung up the phone and gathered up my gear.
Laughter is a really good thing to have in any relationship you are in whether its a friend ship, a love relation ship, or work relation ship. Either way you need laughter so you don't get so up tight that you are no fun to be around. Every now and then some body around you in your life needs some laughter to cheer them up. people should laugh every day because it makes you feel happy even when you are in a really bad mood.When you are being suicidal all you really want is some one to talk to you and make you smile, laugh, and giggle. It really feels good when you laugh with a friend or a significant other. You like to see people smile and laugh. Your friends and family also like to see you laugh here and there once in awhile. So every now and then laugh for once and be happy even if it is for a few seconds in your life.
I believe that with all people laughter, and having a sense of humor, is something that generally everyone has in common, everyone loves to share with others. Among young teenage girls, laughter is a commodity that is infectious but always wonderful. It's the purest kind of joy we have, it's somethings that brings humans together. It's the beginning and end of friendship and unity. Laughter can ring out and lift the spirits of those that really need it. A simple laugh can make the worst day a little alright. We all know that feeling of dread, and sadness . The kindness, generosity, and good of laughter is one of the few things that are right nowadays. Even in poverty, depression, and oppression the simple joy of laughter can wash away a person's worries for a split second and fill us with utter warmth. @PERSON1 and I have been the best of friends since we were ten-years-old, and laughter has always been our strongest element.
Laughter, one of life's greatest gifts. Have you ever laughed so hard that you cried? What about laughed so hard you can't breath, or noise no longer escapes from your lips? I am the type of person that can @CAPS6 at something so stupid that when I get done laughing, I don't even know why I started laughing in the first place. I can @CAPS6 so hard that nothing comes out at all! @CAPS1's amazing what laughter can do to a persons heart. The way @CAPS1 makes you feel, the way @CAPS1 makes you act. @CAPS1's so contagious, and @CAPS1 happens all around us everyday. You are never too old for laughter, @CAPS1 happens to the best of us. young or old, @CAPS1 doesn't matter. Laughter has no age limit. One time @CAPS2 @CAPS3 @CAPS4 and I stayed up until three in the @TIME1. We were so delirious, and kooky, we acted like crazy people.
Laugher Laughter is to express delight, fun, or a object of a joke. Laughter is something we all do, its a large benefit in our life and it happend on a everyday scedual. Without laughter we couldn't express our happy, out going side, we would have no particullar feeling in life except for frowning, which is a proven fact to cose more wrinkles beacuse of how many more muscles it uses. For me laughter is a all day thing, @CAPS1 show, my friends, family and, horses are my number one reason for my frown to be tured up side down. You @MONTH1 think horses cant smile, or talk but @CAPS2 do have their own ways of showing a personality that will make you laugh. Shere @CAPS2 are all smart, but @CAPS2 can be clutsy or goofy at times. Mostly @CAPS2 all just make you laugh and giggle like your own little brothers or sisters.
Starting a story out with two @NUM1 @DATE1 old boys named @ORGANIZATION1 can already be considered a comedy. Those are the names of my identical twin cousins @ORGANIZATION1 I can honestly admit that they are @NUM2 of the funniest kids I know. My uncle isn't exactly the most intelligent human on earth, @ORGANIZATION1 by the way he named his children it's apparent that his sense of humor is a little bit off, but he's a really hard working man. Occasionally my mom does him favors by taking the twins off his hands for a little while because they can be a handful. Weekends are specifically better to have them over because of my hateful step siblings whom hate me, my brother, my sister, @ORGANIZATION1 even my mom. The amount of tension in the house isn't a healthy amount, so a couple of @NUM1 @DATE1 old running around livens it up a little @ORGANIZATION1 makes us all laugh together as a family.
When i meet new people its like alright cause everyone needs friends like people say friends come and go true friends wouldnt go. I remember i met this beautiful girl name @PERSON1 to me she was not just a friend i knew i wanted to have a life with her and be with her people say love cant come true but turn that upside down cause its the other way around love doesnt go love comes from up above. I remember when i first talk to her it was like god was there telling me that she is the one for me and i knew i can save her from getting hurt from love. when i first looked into her eyes it was like i felt the way her heart was feeling it was falling apart so i told her your heart wouldnt be broken in half cause ill replace it with mine i told her your the one that i want the one that i need the one that i gotta have to succed i wanna know you like no one else can know you your name is forever like a tattoo in my heart your the apple to my tree that will never be cut down i wanna stand with you on a mountain and show you that im different than other guys im faithfull like no one else can be.
People always say laughter is a big part in a relationship. Is it true? In my opinion I am not so sure, but my grandmother says laughter is always a huge part in a relationship. Makes a you feel good when you make your best friend, parents, boyfriend or girlfriend laugh. It is the best feeling ever because you know how to put a smile on that person. Have you ever been walking around a store and you spot two couples laughing , having fun? I have and sometimes i feel like being in that same place. My grandmother always tells me her stories about her and my grandpa when they were young. She always says "laughter plays a big part in our relationship". She was @NUM1 and @CAPS1 was @NUM2 the first time they met. Everyone always said they were never going to last, but the only way they could find out is to wait and believe.
"Laughter is the best medicine." The phrase almost everyone has heard before. But it'@CAPS20 true! I've had days when all I could think about was how @CAPS23 life sucked, or at least seemed to. The days when you feel like everything is going wrong, and nothing could make it worse... And that'@CAPS20 when one of @CAPS14 best friends will make me laugh. I'll laugh so hard I'm on the verge of @CAPS19 @CAPS14 pants and @CAPS14 eyes water. I'll laugh so hard no sound comes out, @CAPS14 sides cramp and I fall on the floor. They make me laugh so hard, sometimes I think that even if I was in a coma, they'd say something so funny that I'd sit straight up in the hospital bed and @CAPS21 laugh the huge belly laugh that sometimes escapes me. There was this particular time when @DATE1, @CAPS1 and I were feeling more giggly than usual.
one time when i was skateboarding with my friend i got relay mad and i wanted to stop skating. His mom tried to convince me to keep skateboarding.Laughed and seed i will never be good enough to skate and she seed that i have improved than some of the people that she knows.That made me feel better than before and then i started skate boarding every day from then. When i think about that day i still laugh.skating can be fun in many ways.People can skate for fun and for compaction.There are different ways of skating people have there ways of skating.There are many different kinds of skateboards the people who skate them ride them different. Some of the people that ride skateboards i laugh at because the way they skate.
"Laughter" A good relationship is built on trust, right? That's what I've heard my whole life, but as I've grow and really started thinking for myself I came up with my own kind of survival guide, if you will, to good relationships for anyone. Sure trust is important but @CAPS2 isn't the only key factor, I've learned laughter is just as important to not only starting a relationship but keeping @CAPS2 full of life. One person in my life helped me really understand that and be able to have that relationship with them. My mom and I have such a great bond and way of understanding with each other, other girls I know don't always have that with their mothers, I am very fortunate. Sure we have hard times just like any family, but we are able tolaugh @CAPS2 off with time and start new. @CAPS5 helped me realize, "Laughter is the shortest distance between two people." @CAPS1 a great bond with my mom is so important to me, we have not always ran so smoothly though.
Laughter. A story about laughter is what you want to hear? Well my life is filled with laughter and smiling. Crazy I know! If it wasn't for laughing I would not have the six pack that I have today. Have you ever stopped to think about when one person can make another person laugh they usually become really close friends maybe even best friends? My boyfriend is my best friend. This one time my boyfriend and I were laughing so hard. My boyfriend is my life. I spend pretty much everyday with him, he is so amazing. Me and him well we do everything together. He is very close to me. He is the best best friend anyone could ask for! I've only known him for about a year, a lot can happen in one year. You can meet new people, build relationships, and even move away from those relationships you just made.
Laughter is a big part in my relationship. I feel so much more connected with a person if we laugh together. Laughing make's you feel great. You could be in a depression stage and either a friend or a family member could walk up to you and pacify you and make you laugh. If I had a relationship that had no laughter in it, I would leave that person as fast as I could. Some people think relationships are only about money and/or looks.People now and days don't last that long in a relationship. Back in the old days people would die together, and even in death they would have there graves right by each other. My boyfriends name is @PERSON1. We have been going out for four years now. He is a very funny, I love his jokes. Sometimes he doesn't even try to make a joke, but he does anyway.
Everyone enjoys laughter. Everywhere you look there is always laughter. Laughter comes from being happy, and being happy comes from having joy in your life. Many times in my life I have had joy. I tend to laugh many times throughout the day on account of I am happy. One topic that brings me laughter is my niece. @CAPS3 @CAPS1 is two years old. She is the most adorable little girl in the world. At least in my opinion she is. Since she is so young she does not have a care or worry in the world. She knows everything is going to be taken care of. In this case she is full of joy, and happiness, which causes her laughter. When I am with her all that takes place is laughter, and playing. These are the greatest moments. @CAPS3 has this cookie jar, and when ever you put the shapes into the right slots it sings a silly little song.
Why is it that laughter can bring people so close together? Is it because laughing shows trust for one another, or is it simply because you understand each other. There many different kinds of laughter, like cracking a joke, or someone does something very embarrassing. The story that I will be telling is about how such a bad day for hunting turned into the funniest moments ever. It all started in the @TIME1 when I woke up, and I had forgotten to put my wet clothes that were in the washer machine to the dryer. Now I had to dig through all my clothes up in my room and find camouflage clothes that weren't dirty, or were something that I could wear. By this time anybody would be in a bad mood, and trying rush to get out the door. When my buddy @PERSON1 showed up and was ready to go and I wasn't.
"@CAPS1 figure something out to do! I am really freaking bored!" @CAPS2 explained as all of us relaxed next too his dark blue @CAPS3 which was gracefully parked right out side of my house. The @ORGANIZATION1 was young and as young boys we needed something to do. Gears started to turn in my head! As i thought of a bullet proof plan that would be very funny. "@CAPS4 I've got it!" I yelped. "@CAPS1 here it, I'm really down for anything right @CAPS21," @CAPS6 quickly replied. "@CAPS7 since @CAPS2 has car he can drive into town and buy some cheap saran rap then @CAPS15 back to the four way intersection right out side of my neighborhood and tie the rap around two of the trees on opposite sides of the street so cars will speed through it!" I quick explained as i ran out of breath. Bursts of loud laughter came from all directions were my friends were standing as I came to realization that this idea was golden.
Interesting fly.It was the @DATE1 of this @DATE2,after a long @DATE1 with some crying @CAPS3 lots of goodbyes i was finally in the airport,waiting for my plane to @LOCATION1.I've been in that airport so many times...I love @LOCATION2 but it's always exiting to go in vacation @CAPS3 i @CAPS1 it with my parents pretty frecuency.Today it was different, this wasn't a vacation. It was going to be a whole year. @CAPS3 my parents weren't going to be there.Just think about being away from them @CAPS3 all my friends in @LOCATION2 for such a long time made my stomach sick. Expecialy because in @NUM1, i was going to be meeting my host parents that i never saw before @CAPS3 wondering if they were going to be normal people or a pair of complitely weirdos.Once in the plane i sat with a young girl that was in @LOCATION2 studing arquitecture @CAPS3 going back home for winter..when i was just going away from it.@CAPS2 asked "@CAPS1 you speak english" @CAPS3 i said "I try to" @CAPS2 laught,@CAPS2 looked nice,with a big smile,@CAPS2 was pretty too.We started talking @CAPS3 @CAPS2 felt how nervious @CAPS3 anxious i was.@CAPS2 asked me if i was ok @CAPS3 i told her that i was going to be a foreing stage studient for the next year @CAPS3 my concerns about it,like meeting people or missing home.@CAPS2 told me"you will be fne,dont worry about it..i wish i had that chance when i was your age"@CAPS3 then changed the subject.After a long conversation @CAPS2 started reading a magazine @CAPS3 i put on my music.When we were about to get @LOCATION1 @CAPS2 all sudenly screamed so hard that made me jump,we laugh for a long time @CAPS3 @CAPS2 couldn't even talk to me @CAPS3 explain why did @CAPS2 scream because everybody was looking at us @CAPS3 that made it even more funny @CAPS3 kind off embarazing too so @CAPS2 could not stopt laughing.Then @CAPS2 told me that the guy in the picture of her magazine went with her to highschool a few years ago @CAPS3 they were together for some time but since graduation they didnt know anything about each other.He was now working at a bank @CAPS3 making good money,really good money...@CAPS2 was going craizy talking to her self @CAPS3 asking why in the word @CAPS2 stoped talking with him.That good time with her,even if i haven't seen her again made me really happy @CAPS3 by the time we got off of the plane i was more confident @CAPS3 almost forgot about all the nervious that i was before.After @NUM2 months here,everything is going perfect @CAPS3 im sure that even if it was just a few laughs @CAPS3 not a really long time on that plane,when i go back @LOCATION2 @CAPS3 think about @CAPS4 i will think about her,@CAPS3 i'll count that moment as my first good @CAPS5 expierence.
In many relationships I have had, there has always been laughter, love, sadness, anger and complacations. Allthough there has been one person I had a relationship with that did not involve laughter and it was reather boring and sad. I would spend troumendous hours of my time to just get one little giggle or sound of laughter out of him. He was a rather gental soul and could never harm a fly, but still could not laugh eventhough he was happy. I would ask many times over and over "are you sure your happy because you dont seem like it? I never see you smiling or laughing all I see is a frown" I told him with a sour face and he replyed back "yes, @CAPS1 I am happy but just becuase I don't laugh doesn't mean I am not and besides with that silly grin on your face, how could I not be happy?" with that reply I simply just shrugged and began again.
These days you don't really need a reason to laugh. Laughter just radiates out of some people as frequent as a breath of air. I believe that everyone has someone they can laugh with because everyone has someone they enjoy being around. One of the people I enjoy being around most is my best friend @PERSON1. No matter what the situation, whenever we are around each other we end up having fun. Laughter can turn a bad day completely around. One of my most recent examples of the power of laughter happened just a few weeks ago. One of my, "friends", tried to play a cruel joke on me that ended up being a bigger mistake than she could have imagined. Once I had figured out that this person whom I once trusted was trying to spite me I became overwhelmed with my emotions. At one point I actually considered attacking this girl right in the middle of every one in school.
Friends are'nt always what we want them to be they arent always easy to find, but with a smile and a laugh a friendship can become. I mean what is a friendship if there isnt those moments where you laugh until you pee. When you laugh until you can't breath and you feel like you have just done one hundred sit-ups. Ofcourse you @MONTH1 meet a friend like this and it @MONTH1 happen when you least expect it. I didnt expect a new friendship but in a new town and with new people i met the friend i now call bestfriend. It was the year of @NUM1 and i was new to @ORGANIZATION1. In homeroom everyone stared at me like i was some kind of criminal and everyone talked behind my back when i would pass by their desks, well atleast thats how i felt. My homeroom teacher @PERSON2 @CAPS1 me my so called schedule.
It was a normal bright and warm @DATE1 day, going into my fifth grade year. My older sister and I had been playing all day with my other neighbors that were around our age. One of those neighbors happened to be a boy. We could not find anything to do. It was too hot out to just go walk around in the sun, so we decided that it would be cool to play in the shade with the new slingshot my @CAPS1 had made. He made it out of an old swing set seat and I thought my neighbor would really enjoy it. We all headed into our garage to get it. My sister offered to get it down for me since she was taller and it was hanging up pretty high, but I refused. It was my idea to show him so I would be the one to get it.
Making someone laugh is the best feeling to their soul, and it is one step closer to internal happiness. People might say that when feeling something good inside the body its when they know that they have done something right. I agree with this because it has happen to me; I was feeling down about something that I cant even remember but, when I felt the need to help someone do something I knew inside of me that I did something very special at that moment. It's amazing how you make someone laugh, and it doesn't matter where you are, you also feel happy. The one person in my life that has a great sense of humor is my mother. She is always in need of something funny.People enjoy laughing so much that it is if they were to take some sort of energy drink to make them not want to stop laughing.
"Laughter is the key to the soul." @CAPS1 you are having the worst day of your life, or the best day of your life, laughing can always make it better. I was sitting in @CAPS2 class one day, and was bored out of my mind. Then, a shy, quiet kid, all of a sudden started laughing! @CAPS3 couldn't stop! It was like @CAPS3 was on "laughing gas." @CAPS3 laughed so hard @CAPS3 couldn't breathe. Now this made me laugh, and then my best friend sitting next to me laugh. Soon enough the entire class was laughing! So even though some of the people in @CAPS2 class might have been bored, or had a bad day, the laughter was spread throughout the room, making it a better day. Laughter spreads like wildfire, and it makes everyone happier. And when you are happier, you are healthier. So with that, a @CAPS2 relationship must have laughter in it, in order to work.
Their are many joys in life, some are more relevant then the others, and some are so obvious you'd be stupid no to notice them. Have you ever just sat on your porch or stared out the window just to watch the sun rise, as you sat there pondering your life and its unusual qualities, you think of all the great memories, all the laughs you have shared, all the sorrows, all the pain ,and all the love and hate. Its not surprising that almost everyone has done just that and they wonder if they could change things, how would they do that, or would they leave it the way it started out, filling their life is complete and they are complete as well, not having any regrets. For all the tears I have cried and all the pain I've been through there has always been a laugh to top the sadness.
A true story about how two close friends became friends over the joy of laughter. One year their is a boy named @PERSON1 who wanted to so something fun this @DATE1 ins ted of just staying in his room and playing video games all day. So he heard of a play called"@CAPS1 In @LOCATION1" from a friend and found out if he could join and help out with the play, but he ended up getting a part of the play and helped back stage when ever he could. @PERSON1 found that he enjoyed the doing the play very much and made a lot of friends. At the some time when @PERSON1 was having fun their was a girl named @ORGANIZATION1 who didn't talk much to @PERSON1 at all, but she liked him and she didn't tell a whole lot of people. @ORGANIZATION1 also tried to make as many friends as she could when doing the plays and spent as much time with her friends as she could.
I never thought that laughing can help you start a conversation with someone you don't even know. But @CAPS4 can. Just by laughing with someone can get you to meet a new person. One of the things I do first @CAPS6 someone is trying to be funny is laugh. Once you know @CAPS2 the other person is talking about, you forget that you are just getting to know that person. This happened to me once. @CAPS4 happened in @LOCATION1, where my family and I usually go every year in @DATE1. I made a great friend and the first thing we did was laugh. As you know, @LOCATION1 is a hot place and the sun is usually out every day. I spend the days we stay over there going out to walk with my sister and cousins or going to the beach with all my family. I remember @CAPS4 was a day that my cousins, sister and I went to a small store that's right down the street from where we stay at.
As I waited in the car, anxious to meet my best friend and man I'm in love with, I started to laugh. Not because something my mother or brother said was funny, or because I saw something funny, but I was nervous. I'd talked to him countless times on the phone, many many text messages, and countless emails. But I was still nervous. I knew him better than I knew most people, yet my anxiety seemed to be making me lose my sanity. As our black rental sedan pulled up to where he was waiting outside of where his family lived, I got more nervous. @CAPS6 if he wasn't actually the way I thought he was? @CAPS6 if he didn't like me? @CAPS6 if I didn't like him? As soon as he stepped into the car, smiling brightly at me, my nervous laughter and my anxiety all melted away. I smiled back.
Fourth period, freshman year was the highlight of my entire freshman year. @LOCATION1 was what most people called him, but I simply called him, @CAPS1. So I'll start off with the first semester of ninth grade with physical science, fourth period. I had the first term with my best friend, @PERSON1, @CAPS12 we got to choose our seats, so we sat next to each other in the back, right hand corner of the classroom. We sat there so we could get away with more, like passing notes @CAPS12 talking during class. So one day, while we were passing the notebook of notes, I most have written something that embarrassed her. So I went to grab something out of my backpack, @CAPS12 she took advantage of the situation. So next thing I knew, I was being shoved out of my desk, onto my backpack, on my back. The class got quiet, for he was giving us notes @CAPS12 showing us how to do the assignment.
Sometimes I wonder why people laugh. People laugh when something is funny or when things @CAPS3 awkward and they aren't sure what else to do. Often people laugh when they @CAPS3 embarrassed or offended. I, actually, find myself laughing for no reason on occasion. if I can make someone laugh I usually feel very accomplished. I think it personally shows emotions out loud. But, in some cases, you laugh uncontrollably at yourself. Every year, since i moved here six and @DATE1, my two cousins and my sisters and I have gone "cheese ball caroling" with our grandparents around @CAPS1 time. Even after my grandpa died in @DATE4 and my older sister left for college. On the twenty-first of @DATE2, we go secret @LOCATION1 shopping one at a time with one of our grandparents while we make the cheese balls by hand. After all five of us have gone, we wrap the cheese balls and put a ribbon on them while we practice our carols for that evening.
Laughter is always the key to complete happiness, all you really have to do is laugh to be happy. I remember back in the @NUM1 grade, i was the new student and i sure can tell you that i didn't know where anything really was, it was a new school: new bus, new everything. Being the new student is something no one wants to be, you get made fun of alot and sometimes you just dont fit in. Well thats my story, i never fit in. One day i was walking up the stairs to my class, and it was a bright sunny day, i dont believe there really was any clouds that day. Anyways, as i was walking up the stairs i tripped and fell backwards and my skirt i was wearing flipped up over my head, and of course in that era of time you had to have character underpants.
@ORGANIZATION1 blew my mind the first time I seen her. She was my other half. Everything we did together was perfect. She made me laugh with everything she said. She was my better half would sum it all up. I still remember when I first seen her in @CAPS1. The nickname of the town was @CAPS1 @CAPS4 hell because of where it was located, in the middle of nowhere. We met when I was on vacation at @CAPS1. My parents had just retired a few months before and were looking for a cozy retirement home away from the big city's and more closer @CAPS4 the good eastern @LOCATION2 mountains that seem @CAPS4 always have snowy tops and beautiful landscapes. We ended up staying there for a week or so in this little trailer that we took with us. That thing was hell on earth, every time we stopped I would have @CAPS4 set everything up even if we weren't going @CAPS4 use it.
` THE @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS3 story is about how I fell in dog @CAPS1 and stepped in it, I fell off of a slippery trampoline.about four or five years ago I went too a friends house to stay the @TIME1. That day was a hot day so my friend and I devised a plan to have fun and stay cool, so my friend and I went to the garage and found the sprinkler, so we decided to put the sprinkler under the trampoline and when u do that it makes the trampoline wet and slippery. My friend and I started jumping on the trampoline and he was starting too jump higher then me and I started losing bounce and he came back down the same time as me, but he had more bounce, which made me bounce a lot higher then I normally could also he weighed more then me. So i came back down and I landed on my back and the angle I was at on the trampoline shot me off.
@CAPS9 you ever been scared so much that you couldn't sleep the whole night? Were you with a group of @NUM1 friends at the time? Telling scary stories can be fun and games until someone gets too afraid and freaks everyone out. It starts out with everyone watching movies and having fun until the parents go up stairs and its time to party. It was called our "@CAPS1 @CAPS2" night, we call it "@CAPS1 @CAPS2" because, us @CAPS5 kids, we consider ourselves as @CAPS1. Our night involves @NUM2 antsy @LOCATION1, @NUM1 frightened teenagers, and a house that has said to be "@CAPS6". To start this amazing night of terror, the guests had to arrive at first. Everyone reached at my house around @NUM4 pm. We started out by playing videos games, laughing, having a good time, eating, playing board games. Just your average teenage party. That was, until the parents went upstairs to go to bed.
Laughter and exuberance are key elements in any good relationship. Being able to be giddy and joyful with someone close to @CAPS11 is a sign of comfort. It often can bring people closer and help to solidify their friendships. Your true self is shown in your humor. Two years ago when I was in @PERSON1's seventh grade math class at @ORGANIZATION1, I was chosen to be in the @ORGANIZATION2 along with just three other classmates. Being in the @ORGANIZATION2 simply meant that we would be teaching ourselves @CAPS1-@CAPS2 using only textbooks, while @PERSON1 would teach the rest of the class an easier, more simple math. The @ORGANIZATION2 was almost like an elite club. Our other classmates looked upon us with jealousy because we got to sit in the back of the classroom together, never had to do any homework, and were never called upon out of the blue to answer questions in front of the whole class.
Many @CAPS1 to laughter People always say that laughing can have many benefits. The truth, I believe, is that laughter is not always the best thing. Laughing can have many different meanings. When I think of laughter, I think of smiles,happiness, and memories. Although, there is one memory of laughter that does not prove that to be true. "@CAPS2, I really don't wanna be here. I don't know that I can stay here and tell him this," I pleaded to @CAPS11 mother to @CAPS6 me go back home. "@CAPS3 need to do this honey. @CAPS8's for the best." @CAPS4 that point I had always though @CAPS11 mother knew best. Now, I wasn't so sure. I sat patiently, trying to hold back tears, waiting for @CAPS11 father to get back to his house. I knew he was at the bar, and silently thanked him that I had time to think. I was supposed to go tell him how I felt about him always drinking alcohol.
Laughter @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS3 @CAPS4 "@CAPS5, we've got something to tell @CAPS3." I knew @CAPS9 they were about to tell me. I saw the signs. I knew that @CAPS8 they went into the other room, @CAPS6 wasn't for some quality time together. They were getting a divorce @CAPS11 the time to tell me had come. As each of my parents gathered around me, I knew that they were about to say something I wasn't ready to hear. The words "We are getting a divorce," rang in my head like church bells @CAPS8 a couple is getting married. The happiest sound @CAPS3 could ever hear. But that was the exact opposite of @CAPS9 was going on right now. As I looked up into the face of my mother, I could tell she had been crying. Where the blue, gray mixture used to meet @CAPS11 become one, @CAPS6 had turned red @CAPS11 irritated.
Laughter, the sense of pure happiness. You are in the moment @CAPS1 nothing else matters, all your worries @CAPS1 stress fall away leaving you with your true happy self. Have you ever had those moments when everything seem too much? Then a friend says something that makes you laugh, once your done laughing you start to cry because it felt so good to laugh. Or when you laugh so hard you fall to the floor @CAPS1 can't get up for what seems hours? Yet looking back you forget what was so funny. Laughter is magical, @CAPS7 behind love. Those two seem to go hand in hand. When you love someone, not just you boyfriend/girlfriend but you friends @CAPS1 family too, you know how to make them laugh or cheer them up, how to have fun with them, @CAPS1 that brings you even closer together. When I'm with @CAPS16 friends the one thing we seem to do most is laugh.
Laughter is indeed an important part of anyone's day. For whatever reason, humans like to laugh, and they like to make others laugh as well. But that reminds me of a funny story... There was this time that I had to take a writing test. In fact, the test was very much like this one. In fact, it was this one. I had to write about one of four topics. Unfortunately, all four of them were about as vague as they could possibly be, and this made picking one rather challenging. After staring at the screen for a good fifteen minutes or so, I began to silently laugh at my situation: I have to write about one of four things when not a single one was even remotely interesting. For some reason, I found my problematic situation amusing, as I am kind of weird that way. But then it hit me...
Someone once told me that laughter is the key element of comfort. I believe that @CAPS7 is one of the most important part of any relationship. @CAPS7's what brings people together. A perfect example; about two years ago in the middle of fall, I was crying about my dog passing away. My ex-boyfriend tried everything to make me feel better but nothing was working. I was so hurt I told him I just wanted to be alone and he understood. As he was walking away he slipped and landed in a puddle. The way he fell reminded me of the cartoonSpongebob @CAPS1, when @ORGANIZATION1 slipped on a banana and fell hard. I looked at him and his entire back-side was drenched. His cheeks were cherry-red with embarrassment. I just busted out laughing, I couldn't help @CAPS7. He saw that water had gotten all over me, then he started laughing. That was a moment of comfort brought on by laughter.
On @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS3 @CAPS4 is a true story about a time that i had with two of my friends/squad member named @PERSON3 and @PERSON1. When we were walking @CAPS3 cheer-leading practice on a @DATE1 @TIME1. We had a good laugh going @CAPS3 @NUM1 and I were getting cold, because we were in shorts and sweatshirts, @CAPS8 we put on @CAPS1 hoods. @CAPS6 @PERSON3 wanted @CAPS3 put her hood up also @CAPS8 she didn't feel lonely, but her hood was @CAPS3 small and with thick hair it just made it worse for her. @CAPS8 she tired @CAPS3 put her hood on anyways and her hair went on the top of her head and her curls are at the bottom of her hair. @CAPS8 when when she put her hood on it made her look like a poodle.When we got @CAPS3 the end of the block that I live on @PERSON1 said her foot was hurting, @CAPS8 i told her i would give her a piggy back ride.
Freshmen @CAPS1 All freshmen @CAPS1 was a @CAPS1 of fun. There was this boy who made me smile and laugh. I swore I was falling in love. We had one class together. Which was called @CAPS2. Passing each other in the hallway just would make my @DATE1. We met in a class that we both didn't care for. I would ask him for help even though I didn't need it just so I could talk to him. We also would see each other at the swimming pool because his brother swam and I did also. I would see him during the @DATE1 but not very often. Instead of him "helping" me we would sit and talk about our lives how they were at school and at home. First semester is over and he got moved out of the class to another class period. We would still talk at the pool and see each during the school @DATE1.
When I was younger I liked to go fishing a lot. I always went with my two friends @PERSON2 and @PERSON1.We loved to catch @CAPS1, @CAPS2 head, and sometimes @CAPS3. We did a lot of fishing while we were camping. One day when we were fishing for @CAPS2 head and it was not going very well. It was very cold and it was even snowing. We were about to leave when @PERSON1 hooked one on his last cast. He yelled t me that he was going to catch this on so I jumped off the four-wheeler and ran over to him. When I saw the fish I thought it was a @CAPS1. It was by far the biggest @CAPS2 head that we have ever seen. While he was reeling it in he said that it was very strong and I could see that he was having trouble. After a few minutes he started to get the fish by the shore.
One time when i was spending the night at @ORGANIZATION1's she wanted to sleep oustide in a tent. @CAPS2 was @DATE1 and we always tryed seeing eachother anytime possible because she had to go back to boarding school alot. So her mom set up the tent for us on the deck, and after we ate dinner, we grabbed our things and went ouside. She was on the phone with her boyfriend and i was on the phone with mine, and both of them were best friends. @CAPS2 was like two best friends dating two bestfriends, and we were closer then ever. My boyfriend had to get off the phone because he had work in the @TIME1 so @CAPS2 was just @LOCATION1 on the phone. I started saying really funny things and she just started laughing so hard that she snorted and at the time she was still on the phone with her boyfriend.
@ORGANIZATION1 is one of the many joys I love to share with people. I absolutely love to laugh, I don't know where i would be if I didn't laugh. My cousin; @CAPS1 and I, are usually together for most of the @DATE1 and the truth is we are not supposed to have energy drinks. @CAPS1's dad; @PERSON1, gave us a monster to split and that day we were going to @ORGANIZATION2 in @LOCATION1. After about ten minutes of us drinking the whole monster, me being the one who drank most of it, was the one who was staying calm. @CAPS1 on the other hand, who drank a couple of sips, was going crazy. She was running down the aisles and tripping over her own feet. She almost tipped the cart over with me on the end of it. @ORGANIZATION1 hysterically for no apparent reason is normal for her. Wendy; @PERSON1's wife and my second cousin started to get hungry, so we went to go eat pizza at the @ORGANIZATION2 cafe that is there.
A @CAPS1 @CAPS2 I once heard "laughter is the best medicine." I believe that is true. I could laugh all day long, finding anything @CAPS9 everything funny in @CAPS3 world. Laughter is important to me, without it, life would be boring. Sometimes Laughter is good @CAPS9 comes from the heart. Other times it can be cruel @CAPS9 mean. I like to avoid the cruel @CAPS9 mean laughter, @CAPS9 just stick to the good laughter. When one of my friends is laughing @CAPS9 smiling, it makes me want to know @CAPS10 they're laughing about, so I can laugh too. Birthdays are fun, laughing usually comes with fun. I remember my twelfth @CAPS2, I decided to have a party at my house. I wanted it to be very special so I invited my closest friends, @CAPS9 my cousins. Family always makes everything special. My cousin @CAPS9 I are pretty close, she was born nine months after me, so we are both the same age for a little while.
@CAPS10 @CAPS10 @CAPS10 , @CAPS1 @CAPS1 @CAPS1, and now even @CAPS2 ( @CAPS3 @CAPS4 @CAPS5). Laughter! some say it is the best median. It can brighten a cloudy day, cure a case of the blues, and even sooth a breaking heart. On the other hand a simple sinker or soft giggle can break a heart to! I have had first hand experience listening to goofy squeals being thrown my way and not because I told a witty joke simply just for siting, siting in my @NUM1 grade class room and becoming the but of my pears jokes. Before I go on with this story there are a few things @CAPS6 must know. Let alone that all @NUM1 graders have a common undeniable erg to bring people down so they can build them self's up. I was a @NUM1 grader who's weight had reached the point at witch my doctors were telling me "@CAPS6 should look in to a weight loss program." this news alone was crushing my self a steam and my class mates laughter soon brought me to tears.
Laughter is a big part of my life and I believe @CAPS1 have to have laughter in a good and healthy relationship. This is a true story about laughter and it's affects on my life.Laughter is a good thing for your body, mind and soul, it lightens my mood when I'm feeling down. I'm glad to say I have lots of relationships, many of which are blessed with laughter. My mother and I have a good relationship together, and almost any time we're together in the same room there is bound to be laughter. My mother and I laugh all the time, over silly things. We laugh just to laugh and most of the time, we don't even know what we're laughing at. She can make me laugh at the most ridiculous things. I'm also pretty sure she's the only person who can get me to spit my drink all over the dash board just because of a silly face she made.
The laughter in me. To me all you need to do to get through a tough and horrible day is a good @CAPS5. It gives you hope throughout the day, and no matter what kind of mood your in, when leaving to work, going to school, or really any activity that involves a "sigh" moment. For me I get that feeling about school, but I can always count on my best friend, @PERSON1. Everyday she manages to say something totally off topic and we'd end up dying of laughter at the top of the stairs near the science labs were we eat lunch. As people walk by they give us weird looks, we don't care because we understand each other. To me @CAPS9 is my way of reliving stress.My @CAPS1 agrees with me her name is @CAPS2 I call her @ORGANIZATION1. We've been best friends since the second grade. She is my rock.
The @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS3 The beautiful flames danced so peacefully in the @CAPS1 air. The faint shimmer of the blaze was the only light we had. As I stared at the majestic destruction of the warm, humid air, I felt someone or something watching me from behind. The weight of the sixty pounds of wood started to get heavy as I walked from one side of the house to the other. Finally, I reached the trailer just to be told by @PERSON4, my best friends mom, the she didn't think we would need that much wood. I thought to myself the this was going to be a long weekend. After about two hours of packing clothes, food, water, sleeping bags, pillows, and tents we headed out for @ORGANIZATION1. It would be about two hours of driving, that felt like twenty minutes. @PERSON3, @PERSON1, @PERSON2, @PERSON4, and I were the worst group of people to put into one car.
What makes you laugh? Laughter is a really good stress reliever. There are many different types of laughs around the world, some people's laughs are really high pitched and others @MONTH1 be very deep and low. Some other people snort and make other animal noises. I know that for me I have many different types of laughs for all the different emotions I feel. When I am upset I have a very distinctive laugh. Although when I am upset I laugh to make myself feel better and have a better day. One time during a basketball game, I was having a really off night. Fouls were being called on me left and right. Normally when this happens to me, I get really mad and I lose my head and end up being taken out of the game and sitting on the bench. I absolutely hate sitting on the bench. This time when I got a foul called on me after already being threatened to be ejected from the previous game for the same reason.
Laughter is the so called "best medicine". I do not believe that to be true, however my nephew @MONTH1 have other thoughts. My nephew was "sick" for every school day for two weeks. "@CAPS1 just doesn't like school", I would tell his grandma. The thought of school being no fun and not liking it changed drastically for my nephew. We let him think it was going to be another boring school day, but it was party day for them. Every two weeks if they work hard they get a party, lucky for @CAPS2 they have been working diligently. The stubborn side of my nephew was showing it's ugly face that morning as @CAPS1 fought every move we made. When we walked through that narrow door @PERSON1 did something uncharacteristic, to him and five year old's all over the @LOCATION1. @CAPS1 stood as still and silent as a marble statue. It couldn't have been better prepared!
I know you guys listen to the same things over and over again, but I also know that alot of people don't really answer the prompt that you give them. Well I'm sorry because I was not able to answer the prompt either. I cannot remember when the last time I had a really good @CAPS3 within a couple of years, so I will tell you why laughter is special to me instead. What's so special about laughter? For me laughter helps us in many ways. I will talk about how laughter is good for my health, how everyone's laughs are different and even make us @CAPS3 at them. Also why laughter is so special to me. I have always felt this weird feeling in my head after I laughed. I think it's because endorphins are being produced into my brain. If I @CAPS3 too hard my stomach hurts because laughing also burns calories and works out my abs.
Laughter has been a nonchalant but steady and strong force for me in many relationships. I believe that laughter is useful in getting to know people you've just met and growing closer to people you care about. In my opinion @CAPS2 brings people closer and can change a bad situation upside down. Getting enough bravery to gain new friends, ask this girl out and eventually develop a good relationship with her, is where laughter played an important role. @CAPS2 was the @DATE1 I was fifteen and a sophomore at @ORGANIZATION1 school. @CAPS2 was my first year there. I have been to many schools, @LOCATION1, @CAPS1 wood, etc. and like any new school I was having a hard time connecting on a social level with my peers. Everyday I woke up, got ready, went to school, got home did homework (maybe), and went to bed . @CAPS2 was a boring cycle that I seemed to be trapped in.
Laughter @MONTH1 be the best part of life. It usually expresses the feeling of happiness and joy. The expression almost seems contagious in a way, one laugh that goes hand in hand with a smile could improve someones day drastically. Possibly the best part about laughter is that it is not hard to come by, there are many things in our world that are worthy of laughter. I have personally find myself laughing most when I am around people that I enjoy being with. Some people think the key to happiness @MONTH1 be love or joy, or possibly being happy with yourself. I think the key is surrounding yourself with the ones you love and care for because everything seems better when they are around. They are comparable to sunshine, everything is better in its presence. My favorite memory that involved excessive laughter took place on a warm @DATE1 day at my friend's house just outside of city limits.
Laughter is the esscense of life. Without laughter my life would be meaningless, and without that sense of happiness or compassion, life wouldnt be worth living. My sister is the only person i trust with my secrets. She is the only one who makes me happy when i feel down. My sister and I, laugh with eachother at our own jokes. My sister is my other half and we share everything. She makes me laugh and is always there when i need her. I'll always be there for her also. Laughter is an important part of life. @CAPS2, my sister and I laugh and play. One day I came off the bus from school, all i could do was cry. As I waited for my sister's bus to arrive, the tears fell down like a river flowing. The bus appeared and a sense of joy appeared with it. @CAPS1, it wasnt the bus that brought my joy.
The night was dark and cloudy giving my surroundings a gloomy figure. Shadows slithered across the street by the lamp light of passing cars and pedestrians. My day had been depressing and it seemed that karma was out to get me. Everything that could go wrong; did go wrong. And the rest of my night was only going to get worse. Earlier that day I had upset my girlfriend with a statement that should not have been stated. Resulting in her calling me as soon as I sat down on my bed. The words we exchanged left smoldering wreckage in our wake. Our conversation ended in fury and the disconnection of phones. Once I laid back down in my bed, and my anger diminished, I began to feel an overwhelming sense of guilt. I said things that were unnecessary and horrible. As I laid on my bed, my heart felt like it was slowing being squeezed by some unseen force.
Being with people that can always make you feel comfortable and be yourself around is most likely the best quality in a friend. Everyone has their flaws; a friend can always look past them and find the good in the one that they trust. A friend can tell a joke and make you laugh until you cry. Making someone laugh can always help when they think that it's not possible for their life to get any worse. Laughter is the most valued gift that can be given. You know inside that it's making them happy just from seeing the smile on their face. There have been many times in my life where I have laughed so hard that I cried. There is truly no greater feeling in the world than knowing that you have people in your life that can cheer you up just by doing or even saying something so ridiculous that it just breaks you into a hysterical laughter.
Its always hard to know what to do when a friend or family member comes to you when they are sad or mad. Most of the time you don't know what to do. I have learned that making people laugh with something as simple as a joke can always make them feel better. As I was sitting at home one sunny afternoon, I got a call from my friends @PERSON1. When I put the phone to my ear all I could hear was a loud crying. @PERSON1 wasn't saying anything to me, not one word. Even though, I repeatedly asked her what was wrong with her, @PERSON1 wouldn't even say a word. Not knowing what to do or say to her anymore, I asked her to calm down and take deep breaths. Desperately, I wanted her to be able to talk to me and tell me what was going on because I had started to get really worry.
Laughter is an important element to have in life. Because without @CAPS3 there would be no happiness or joy in the world. @CAPS1 are a great source for laughter, @CAPS1 are the people you go to to be yourself. Some people use laughter for to release pain. For example, whenever @CAPS10 dad gets hurt he starts laughing. @CAPS10 @CAPS2 was in the navy a few years ago. And during training he got hit in the stomach. Nothing really was wrong, but @CAPS3 did hurt him. so @CAPS10 @CAPS2 sat down and started to laugh. I guess this so-called trait is hereditary because I find myself doing the exact same thing from time to time. When I learned about how laughter heals, @CAPS3 wasn't too long ago. @CAPS3 was last @DATE3, @CAPS3 was early @DATE5 and @CAPS5 of @DATE5 was coming close. Traditionally me and @CAPS10 parents would drive to @ORGANIZATION1. And use the money we have been saving up all year round and buy a huge pack of fireworks.
Someone once said,"Laughter is the shortest distance between two people." @CAPS1, to me that means, that since everyone laughs, laughter is the quickest or easiest way to connect with another person. I believe this because at one point in time my older brother and I did not get along very well. We were almost never around each other, and when we were,we would either be fighting or ignoring one another. It wasn't much of a problem since he is five years older; but once I became older my brother and I began to see one another more often. So we then decided to sit down one day and talk. We weren't exactly sure what to say; so for the first ten minutes we just sat there in silence. Just two guys on the back porch in the middle of the @TIME1. Then out of no were he fell over backwards into a bush.
This true story might sound some what cheesy, but its true and in my opinion its a love story. I will be substituting the real names with others names though. On @DATE1, after a long day at school @PERSON1 decided to log on @CAPS1-book to chat with some new friends she had made online. @PERSON1 had forgotten that she had sent a friend's request to @PERSON2. @CAPS6 @PERSON2 had accepted @PERSON1's request that's when @PERSON1 remembered about the request. @PERSON2 and @PERSON1 stared to know more and more about each other minute after minute, @CAPS9 before the had no clue who the other one was. @PERSON2 gave @PERSON1 his number after along chat, @CAPS12 she could call or text him to keep in contact while being off of @CAPS1-book. @PERSON2 was starting to like @PERSON1 and @CAPS12 was @PERSON1. @PERSON1 now knew that @PERSON2 is a high school student, a sophomore to be exact.
My relationship with laughter. Well the first time I came face to face with laughter was when I met my boyfriend for the first time. Before I met him I was depressed all the time and my friends couldn't stand it anymore. But when my friends introduced me to him I fell in love for the first time I was happy for once not depressed and all alone in a corner crying all the time. When that happened for the first time in almost a year I smiled I didn't smile until the day I met him. That's when my friends knew that i found someone to take care of me and love me for who I am. Later in the relationship is where laughter came into play I was laughing all the time when I was around him and not upset all the time. That's when we started hanging out but, it took all of our friends to us to hang out.
"Laughter" I once heard a man say " laughing is the key to happiness, and if you do not laugh you aren't healthy" @CAPS1 do people love to laugh? Because it laughing creates great memories, it gets rid of sadness, it gives you energy, and it even gives you a good abdominal work depending on how hard you laugh and for how long. There is nothing better than a good funny movie that makes you laugh so hard you cry, your jaw hurts, and your stomach is even sore the next day. Some of my favorite movies are funny. I bet laughing or making someone else laugh could get you hired at a job. Say you go in for an interview for a job that involves you working with people everyday. Are you going to go in there boring and moditone? No, your going to go in there make the person who is interviewing you laugh and act like you have known him or her since @CAPS2 @CAPS3.
Laughter is important in my life for many reasons. With out laughter my life wouldn't be as wonderful as it is right now. I have many people in my life that make laughter the best way to brighten up my day, like my friends, family, and boyfriend. I have many stories in which laughter was a part of my life, but I'm going to tell you a story about how my boyfriend used laughter to make me feel better and not think about my stomach ache. It all happened on a @DATE1 @TIME1 @CAPS1 I was heading home from my boyfriends house. We were sitting on the max and my stomach started to hurt. I told my boyfriend about it and he told me that it's probably because I haven't ate anything. I was worried because it was going to be a long trip home. On our trip to my house my boyfriend was trying to distract me so I wouldn't worrying so much about my stomach ache.
Have you ever wondered how you and your best friends even became friends? Maybe not, but maybe you have and couldn't remember. Well this story I'm about to tell you today is about how my friend @PERSON3 and I became friends. I'm also going to tell you how we have stayed friends for as long as we have and all the little things that have kept us friends. Admittedly we did not start off as friends who laughed all the time, instead we started off as a crier and a helper. @PERSON3 and I first met in the eighth grade. I had just gotten called out of my first period class and greeted by my math teacher @PERSON1. @PERSON1 told me that we had just gotten a new student that moved here from @LOCATION1 and wasn't exactly happy about it. She also asked me if I wouldn't mind showing her around the school with another classmate, @PERSON4, I agreed and walked into the room @PERSON3 was in.
There are a couple things that can lead strangers to being comfortable with each other, in my experience it was laughter. Meeting my boyfriends parents was very nerve wrecking and uncomfortable. I am a people person and I can get along with anybody. Starting a conversation with someone who is judging my every move was a little bit of a challenge. My boyfriend @PERSON3 and I have been dating for almost a year now and are the type of people that like spending time with our families. So because of this it was obvious that meeting the family would come into play. I met his parents when we were young and we attended the last years of elementary and some of middle school and all but one year of high school together, I left for a couple years and came back really different. So after @NUM1 months of dating I met the folks.
On @DATE1, I had a mission trip meeting in @LOCATION2, @LOCATION1 at @NUM1 o'clock in the @TIME1. @CAPS11 friend @PERSON2 decided he would go with me. So I had @CAPS11 grandpa pick us up from the house and take us to @LOCATION2. When we got to the church I went to @CAPS11 meeting till @NUM2 o'clock, then went to bible study. I was tired and ready to go home by then. Come to realize @CAPS11 grandpa is know where to be found, he apperently left to go home and @CAPS11 mom, grandma and @CAPS11 sister @CAPS3 had just got there to pick us up. I had just been informed that there was a parent meeting for the students going on the mission trip. After the meeting we went to @PERSON1 craft store. When we got there me and @PERSON2 went over to @CAPS1 @CAPS2, while @CAPS11 mom, grandma, and @CAPS3 stayed in @LOCATION3.
Laughing makes you live longer. That's what I was told as a child. I think laughing is really important in life. And, in relationships. In my realationship with my sister @LOCATION1, we laugh all day, everyday. And I think thats why we have most fun together. I laugh most when I'm with my homies. I remember one time I was with @PERSON2 and we were just laughing so hard over nothing, thats something we do alot. I'm just a laughing person. Everybody knows that. I think when I laugh it just takes everything thats bad right now, and none of that even matters. I have this one friend namd @PERSON3, and he was the kind of person that made me laugh no matter what kind of mood I was in. So because of that, he'll always be an important person in my life. One time me and @PERSON2 were with this girl that was very quiet for some reason when she was with us, and I just straight up told her that she needs to talk, or laugh!
@CAPS1.., that is a sound i love to hear, laughter. Laughter plays a big roll in my life. To me it is the only thing that can keep me going. Sometimes it is even better then ice cream, and that is saying a lot. I have had many different experiences in life that laughter has been a big part of. Like @CAPS6 my brother got sent back to jail. @CAPS6 I was @CAPS5 I had to laugh because it was the only thing that made me feel good inside. Also, @CAPS6 i got dumped like last nights garbage, laughter made me feel as if nothing had ever happened. So @CAPS6 people are not feeling the best or are going through struggles in their life, I truly believe that laughter will make everything feel a little bit better. @CAPS2!", it hit me like a brick in the head. Hearing that my brother got put back in jail was a hard thing to hear.
Laughter. We all need it. We need it @CAPS8 a reminder that @CAPS7 is hope for those who have perseverance, for those who strive not to better others, but for those who strive to better themselves. We need it @CAPS8 a reminder to live our dreams, instead of dreaming of living. And, in my opinion, most importantly, @CAPS8 a reminder that even though we @MONTH1 make mistakes, @CAPS7 is still a chance for those who simply have the courage to seize it. In the @DATE1, my foster parents decided to go out for dinner. The children, of course, were not invited. We were to either stay home with the babysitter, or go to a friend's house. No one wanted to stay home, @CAPS8 @CAPS7 was nothing to do. One of my best friends, @PERSON2, was a single child living with her grandmother. I made a quick phone call and ten minutes later I was waiting for her grandmother to pick me up.
As people have bonded over the years, those bonds have been streanthend by laughter, joy, and trust. All of these are imporntant but they all work together to build these bonds. For normal people to enjoy one another they must have fun and fun begins with laughter. Laughter comes from the brain and if two people think in the same thing as being funny, it brings them together with their similar intrests. By telling a funny joke or being a person who always ends up with a smile on his or her face, brings people around more easily. Since I was young I've always been a real happy kid and one who is easy to be around. I believe I am like this because my parents have always told me, "People that are happy are the ones people want to be." @CAPS1 by being a seemingly happy person it has given me the friends I have.
Laughter is a mystery. Happens @CAPS2 ever it pleases. It puts smiles on faces. Laughter just happens in many ways it can. Although, mine just happened to end up in a crazy situation with a huge mess to follow it. Things got extream, unforgettable. Things you could never forget. Around two months ago, in the cold @DATE1. It was my @NUM1 birthday. I threw a little party for myself at my house. Though, I was in for a little treat. @CAPS2 everyone arrived they all had a smirk on their faces. Nobody would tell me whats going on. I started to become distraught about it all. Until my buddie @PERSON3 and my boyfriend @PERSON1 walked into the kitchen with a @NUM1 pound bucket full of spaghetti, with a ten pound gallon can of tomato sauce. Next thing I knew my mouth was agape. I couldn't believe my eyes, not understanding why so much of it.
Laughter @PERSON1 Laughter has many benefits that make us have might make us have more distance in between two people or maybe make us have differenceses in between the relationships you have with people. But many other people believe and (think) that laughter is an important part of any relationship with your friends, family ect. Now I'm going to talk about a few reasons of how laughter can be a benefit to us, and how it can also make us have distances from people, or how laughter works in between relashionships we have with friends. Many people think that it's really fun to laugh about simple things and thats me I can laugh for things that might not seem funning to others, but to me they might seem extremely funny. I won't stop laughing for a while. But many other poeple don't consider laughter as funny, as many others. I believe that laughter is an important part of us because it shows people around you the way you are and how you express your self on things.
There are times I get along with others and times I don't. There also are times where I make others laugh until they cry. Like this one time me and my friends where walking to the store, I start pointing out the most random things. When I pointed out the @CAPS1 store, he started laughing so hard that he literally peed his pants. So we had to go back to his house so he could change into some clean cloth, and it took him @NUM1 to @NUM2 minutes to get dressed. So I asked @CAPS6 he was doing in there, and he said. "I'm taking a pee." @CAPS2 I started laughing and rolling on the floor, and that's when it hit me why he was laughing so hard about me pointing out the @CAPS1 store. It was because the last time we had gone inside and there was a man talking about his son's football team which my friend and I was on at the time, was in the top ten.
@CAPS4 fills the air around us with happiness and joy, @CAPS4 brings warm memory's of loved ones that are close to us , and adds a splash of hope to those who need @CAPS4. Laughter is the key to solving life's problems.@CAPS4 is a way of adding something special into our life and comes from many different areas of life .Laughter could come from a pitiful joke that someone could have told you,@CAPS4 could be brought up by a show, and @CAPS4 could also come from the joy we get when a near loved one has returning home from a long journey. Imagine seeing something comical like a person falling down or crashing into a pole , the moment right when that happens you hear your self laughing as hard as you can that you practically cant breath and the person standing right next to you is joining in on the laugh.
LaughterI laugh everyday. I feel a lot of different emotions when I am laughing. Some of the emotions are happiness, sadness, and pain. I use laughter to let my emotions be seen. when I laugh I usually feel happy after wards en less I am crying because I am hurt. When I am sad I tend to laugh and smile a lot to hide the pain I am feeling because I don't want people to see me sad all the time and think I am playing the sad card to get attention. But laughing and smiling actually make everything hurt worse instead of making it better. When I am sad i tend to rely on laughter to get me threw my day because if i didn't have laughter i would have people asking what was wrong all day and it would drive me crazy. When I am angry the only way I can laugh is if a friends or family member is trying to make me happy or if I am reminiscing of fun times iv had.
Laughter's @CAPS1 Laughter is everywhere. It @MONTH1 be three doors down reclining in a comfy living room. It @MONTH1 be at the nearest playground bouncing on the teeter-totter. It @MONTH1 be at an elegant restaurant sitting at a petite table in the distant corner. For me, it lingered in an old fifth grade classroom. I stumbled through the doorway carrying @CAPS11 purple backpack and @CAPS11 lunch pale resting in @CAPS11 left hand. I recognized everyone from @CAPS11 previous years of elementary school, and shortly joined them after visiting @CAPS11 hook outside the door. I had been waiting anxiously for @CAPS11 turn at the fifth grade. The legendary @PERSON1, was known as the "coolest" teacher around. He played a large role in the gossip of the young students, and each of us had our hopes set high. "@CAPS2 your seats @NUM1 graders!" announced @PERSON1 @CAPS3 with a contagious smile. Kids scattered around to room searching for seats near their closest friends.
Laughing is one of the key components in all my relationships with others. It lightens the mood of any situation and can really lift my sprits when I'm having a bad day. It is often the ice breaker when I meet someone new and can help me get closer to the friends I already have. On the first day of school, freshman year, I met a girl named @LOCATION1. We were in writing class and there was a boy named @CAPS1 sitting between us. @CAPS1 and I were talking about our schedules, and he said something that made our conversation slightly uncomforatable. I looked up and saw that @LOCATION1 had heard what he had said and had a look on her face that was somewhere between being embarrassed for me and close to laughing. I smiled at her and mouthed the word "awkward" when @CAPS1 turned away. This was her cue that it was okay to laugh, and she did so subtly.
Laughter is like cooking; it brings people of every kind together, but the wrong food or the wrong time can bring discomfort to you and others around you, such as beans. Laughter is a medicine. Laughter is a universal language; you can speak @CAPS2 "language" with a foreign friend, even when you know not an ounce of their native tongue. Laughter differs, ranging in loudness, pattern, softness, and attitude. You laughed weeks into @CAPS2 world and you'll be laughing your way out of it as well. Sometimes in life, it is important to laugh! Laughter is forgiving and a nod to acceptance. It was my freshman year and I had arrived early that morning to keep my friend company who's mom had dropped her off at such an early time, due to transportation conflicts. I wasn't sure why we were even fighting or why we were on @CAPS2 particular subject; I only knew we had gone off on a "bunny trail" and @CAPS4 was picking me apart for something I had done weeks ago.
The @CAPS1 of Laughter Laughter, one of the best feelings an individual can achieve. When you're feeling sad, angry, or in an argument, laughing can turn any negative feelings into good ones. Though you @MONTH1 not want to show the turn of emotion, it is very hard not to. Laughter is an important thing to have in abundance throughout your relationships. Laughing is a wonderful feeling. Whether it be a chuckle or a hilarious outburst, it completely changes one's mood. Laughing with someone is even better still. Having laughter-filled relationships is an important element to someone's well being. Sharing a @CAPS3 is a great way to start friendships and keep them thriving. Relationships without laughter soon end. It is almost impossible to be good friends with someone without being able to @CAPS3 together. Laughter is something that needs to be exposed in relationships often. Without it, there is no connection, joy, or excitement.
In this essay I will be telling you about why laughter, conflict and trust is very important in an relationship. I have a very good relationship with my cousin. We will laugh, fight but always trust each other with anything. We have known and been with each other for the past @NUM1 year's of our lives. Her name is @CAPS1. I love her more then anyone else in the world. One thing that does make us closer is that we laugh at each others mistakes. When one of us messes up the other will laugh at them and then try to help with the problem. When one of us does mess up with something we are always the first to now about what it was with or who it was with even if we do not like the other person that they are having the problems with. Conflict, I think is something else that i think is very important in a good relationship.
Bell rings. Shuffle, shuffle. @CAPS1. Snap. EEEE. Crack. Slam. Click, stomp, @CAPS1. Tap tap tap. SLAM. Creak. Shoof, shoof. Sigh. Seventh class of the day. Here we go. "@CAPS2! Tu va ou pas? On a +tude cette class-l+. Tu peux aller au bibliotheque si tu veux...." @CAPS3 all blinked at me, @PERSON1, @NUM1le and @ORGANIZATION1, chocolate-haired and mocha skinned, impatiently awaiting my answer. The truth was, I knew @CAPS3 didn't really care if I came or not. It made no difference to them if I trailed a few feet behind like some pathetic puppy. I was silent but adorable, loved only because I was an @CAPS4. Because I spoke fidgety @CAPS5. Because I was the exchange student, because my translator and colorful clothes were so shocking for ten seconds, and were then forgotten about. I was a flock of seagulls haircut. So why are you here? I thought. Why did you go on exchange at all?
I didn't believe my grandfather when @CAPS2 told me laughing could cure anything. I was nine years old, the days were dark @CAPS3 cold @CAPS3 I felt like my life was a shattered piece of a stain glass window. Not only had @PERSON2, my ageless pit bull, just died @CAPS6 also my little sister would tease me if I dared to shed a tear for the lost of my best pet. I sat on the coach, staring at the fire as it crackled @CAPS3 popped, when my grandfather sat down beside me @CAPS3 told me a story. It was about him, when @CAPS2 was young @CAPS3 how lost @CAPS1 best friend too, only @CAPS1 friend wasn't a pet. "@CAPS1 name was @PERSON3," @CAPS2 began, "@CAPS3 we were eleven years old. Oh, how we had so much fun. All we did was @CAPS7! We thought we were gonna grow old together @CAPS3 be each others best men @CAPS3 cause trouble tell the end.
@DATE1 was the start of a new age, i had just turned @NUM1, what a joy i thought that was. i was so existed for my birthday party, that i couldn't even bare it. my mom asked what i wanted to do for my birthday, i told her that i wanted to have a party and a sleep over. she agreed, so that night we planed and made invitations. that week flew by and before i new it, it was party time. i invited @NUM2 of my best friends and all of my family. we had such a good time that the time just flew by and it was time for everybody to go, three of my friends stayed the night there was, @PERSON1, barbie, and @CAPS1. my parents whet to a party of there own and we were staying at home all night by ourselves. it was around @TIME1 and we were all watching hills have eyes.
The bus flew around tightly wound corners. Beyond the windows, farmland, rocky bluffs, and peaceful rivers streamed past. Exhausted from the fourteen hour flight, I barely knew what time it was. The only things keeping me awake were the jolting of the bus and @NUM1 other @CAPS1 I barely knew gossiping quietly. We were going to visit and live with a group high school students, affectionately referred to as "our @CAPS2." I had met @CAPS16 partner, @LOCATION1, only once. Everything I knew about her, her life, her family I learned from maybe ten, maybe @NUM2 short @CAPS3 messages. Communication was going to be problematic. @CAPS16 mother started teaching me @CAPS4 when I turned two, but I was nowhere near fluent; I was self-conscience and uncomfortable around native speakers. @PERSON1's @CAPS5 was decent, but her family spoke only @CAPS4. Finally, the bus drove down the narrow cobbled streets of @CAPS7. It pulled up to a plaza packed with people.
My friend @PERSON1 and I have @CAPS1 friends from as back as sixth grade. We have @CAPS1 through so much together. Even though we don't have everything in common and we don't hang out, out side of school together, we have a lot of laughter in our friendship. I say that if you are gonna have a friendship that is gonna last, you have to have laughter in it to make it a fun friendship. When @PERSON1 and I where in @NUM1 grade, we where the biggest people to the sixth graders because we where in the highest grade in our middle school. We would have so much stuff to do. @PERSON1 and I would always walk down the hallways linking our arms together and one moment after another she would just push me into someone. That someone would plow into a locker or wall and we would just laugh are butts off.
I remember my freshman year when I was on the soccer team when we played against the bull dogs in @LOCATION1. We were losing in first half and before first half got over one of our goalies got his hand hurt. So they took him out and they put in the other goalie and one of the other team players kicked the ball so hard it hit the goalie in the stomach. So it knocked his wind out and me and the hole soccer team started laughing because it was funny how he was jumping up and down and saying that he was going to pass out and he just got his wind knocked out of him. So then out first goalie that got injure he had to go in because no one wanted to go in as a goalie because they were to scared that they would score on them.
Laughter is something that is there when you are happy. Laughter is there when we are having fun and when we are in a good mood, it makes us smile. Many times there are things that happen that make you laugh. For example; someone trips over your backpack and @CAPS7 fall @CAPS3 their face. You can't help it but laugh! Then you start feeling bad and wish you wouldn't of laughed at them for tripping, but then you start remembering how @CAPS7 fell and you think about it and you end up laughing so hard that you can't stop until you get in trouble. Laughter is a big part of your life that their isn't at least a time of day that you don't laugh. Everybody in my family is fun and @CAPS7 always make me laugh. Their isn't a time when we are quiet and one of us has to say "awkward silence." We are always laughing and having fun and we are never sad.
Laughter is a great thing, except for some instances. We all have been there. Having a good time with friends, laughing and making new memories. Then you take a drink of something and start laughing again. Next thing you know you're choking and can't breathe. You're coughing as much as you can, trying to stop. It's not only a little embarrassing, but it can get a little awkward too. You can't stop it, you just have to let nature take its course. Everyone stares, asking if you're alright. The moment feels like forever, and that was exactly how I felt. I have two best friends, @CAPS1 and @PERSON1. It was during the @DATE1 and we decided to have ourselves a little movie night at @ORGANIZATION3's house. We were fully prepared with candy, soda pops, and the best of all, pizza. It all added up for a great night. We decided to watch the movie @ORGANIZATION1.
Has there ever been a person that you know, that just made you laugh like no one else could? Or had a moment or a @DATE1 when you laughed as if there was no tomorrow? Laughter is something that everyone can relate to no matter the age or the personality. It fills you with warm feeling that spills out like a waterfall. There isn't always a reason for the things that people do, there is always mystery. The same thing applies to laughter. Sometimes you are just so happy that it all builds up inside and has to be let out. During the @DATE2 of my sixth, going on seventh grade year, my friend @PERSON1 and I were nearly inseparable. @PERSON1 was the first friend that I had made upon moving from @LOCATION1, @ORGANIZATION1 in the beginning of my sixth grade year, but in a short amount of time we became best friends.
The @CAPS1 Of Laughter In @CAPS2 @CAPS3 me laughter is important, we all laugh in our lives. It's a symbol of happiness, and it shows people around us that we care enough @CAPS3 listen and pay attention. With laughter we can create memories that last a lifetime. For my friends and I, laughter comes naturally and we all enjoy every moment of it. My friend @PERSON1 and I have known each other since the second grade and have been friends ever since. what has kept our @CAPS2 strong and still alive today, is the memories we have created through laughter. One memory I always seem @CAPS3 remember though, is the first time we had gone inner-tubing together. There have been many memories made between @PERSON1 and I that we remember because of the laughter we shared. Yet the memory that always remains dominate, is when we had gone inner-tubing for the first time.
Iv always loved laughter in my life, I don't know how I could live with out it. This is how it all started out. One day, I was not having a good day. Nothing could have made me laugh. Friends would tell my jokes, they would make funny faces. That just did'nt make me laugh one bit. There was just that one thing they have'nt tried that made me laugh, until my sister completed that one thing. I would never forget this day when my sister and I had a water balloon fight. On a hot @DATE1 day my sister and I would always play water balloon fights, this one time she through one water balloon and it hit my face. I also through one water balloon and guess what happen it hit her face. We just could not stop laughing, we were just breathless from all that laugher. My sister desided to tell me that story when I was not having a good day, even when people tried to make it better by making me laugh.
In any situation laughter is used. Many times have I been in an awkward position that i have used laughter to free myself from discomfort. Laughter will never go away and you will always have it with you to use when it is needed in a revolting moment. For example, @CAPS1 a month ago i was walking to the park with my brother and some friends of mine. When we arrived there were already people at the skateboarding spot we wanted to skate at. We decided no big deal we will just go on with our business and skate. "@CAPS2 punks! we were here first!" one of them said. Me and my brother started yelling back. Then one of them got in my face and started talking a bunch of trash so i said something @CAPS1 him that was so funny that all his friends laughed to. He was pretty pissed of but it didn't matter because we ended up skating there anyway and nothing went down.
As we understand the benefits of laughter, we realize that we cant live without it. Its one of those things that are always going to be with us through tough times, and the joy of life. So when people say "Laughter is the shortest distance between two people", well there right! You can think anything you want to, but i want you to know that i have the best laughter in the world when it comes to the boy i have fallen for. It all started on a softball tournament in bend. Our team drove there for the weekend to play our tournament and we stayed in the @LOCATION2 inn hotel. Which was very nice by the way, probably to nice for our team, because we end up destroying the place like a bunch of football players in a locker room, hence the hard practices. After our practice we go ahead and swim in the pool, even know we have a big game the next day.
I kept my head low as I walked through the halls of the brand new school I'd been signed up to attend. Students passed me with warm smiles, but I didn't dare meet their gazes, I couldn't. This is what real school is like, I thought to myself. I'd always been home schooled, since before I could remember, and now my parents felt that I should be introduced to a public school, in my last year of middle school @CAPS12 less. My dark, curly brown hair fell into my face as I entered my first class, acting. The room was warm and dimly lit as students began to recite their lines; the sets were colorful and I instantly recognized them as the garden from @LOCATION2 in @LOCATION1. I suddenly let out a small yelp as my foot caught in the doorstop, sending me tumbling into a chair. Deep red color flooded to my cheeks as I looked up and realized that every student in the room was staring at me.
I'm a tell you about moments sometimes even adventures with a boy named @CAPS1.C. @CAPS4 has brown hair that is up to his neck, that @CAPS4 loves to swoosh around like in the movies. @CAPS4 most definitely doesn't like his bangs cut to short other wise the swoosh will not turn out the same way. @CAPS4 has brown eyes that just seem to sparkle and a smile that seems to fool everyone. "@CAPS2, @CAPS4's so adorable", they say."@CAPS2, @CAPS4 so cute", they say.@CAPS1.C is cute, but does things that will amaze you! Things you wouldn't think a kid his age could make possible. Like i always say, "@CAPS4'll make you work for your money!"The thing is @CAPS4's only @NUM1 years of age, well right now @CAPS17. @CAPS4 loves the attention, @CAPS4'll do almost anything for it. Yet @CAPS4's very lovable and sometimes sweet.@CAPS4 loves comedy, cartoons, candy, video games, the works.
Laughter is a symbol of joy and happiness. It is to become amused or derisive. Many people today make jokes or funny remarks just to hear somebody laugh. It is never something we should take for granted. Through many relationships no matter what kind, I believe laughter takes up at least @PERCENT1 of your relationship. It's to show the best out of someone and to let them know you are listening. There are plenty of other reasons in this world needed for laughter. "I'm sure you can even think of one". In my views of this world and our society today, I believe laughter is what makes up our "human" spirit. It's to show ourselves and other people the spark we have inside us. Have you ever sat and pondered why we make each other laugh? I have asked myself this same question over and over. For me making people laugh is letting them know I care and to also think I'm funny as well.
Laughter is very important in my life. I laugh everyday. People wouldn't be the same without laughter, and the world wouldn't be the same. Two days ago, my @CAPS1 class went to the computer lab to type our @CAPS2 writing test. Much of the class was groaning about having to write this essay. I was annoyed because I already had passed the essay, and I didn't want to take it again, but I had to. Once I got to the computer lab, I sat in my chair and logged into my account. After a few minutes my computer finally loaded, and I could log into @CAPS2. Once I got there I logged in, and my computer froze. I had noticed that some of the other students computers had also frozen. I laughed at them for their computer being frozen, and they laughed at me because mine was frozen. After a few minutes my account finally logged in, and I selected to take the essay.
Laughter is something everyone needs in their life. We all need some humor, and even sometimes, we need to laugh at ourselves. You need a laugh, a smile and a sense of humor to live life to it's fullest. When people take things other have said, differently, or even thinking a joke was said way too harsh, and they take it the wrong way. People told me, "you need a sense of humor, you know?" @CAPS1, I feel bad for taking it too seriously. Back, my sophomore year, I was going through a rough time. With friends, and family becoming more and more apart from each other. I don't even remember laughing or smiling last year. Let's just say, through the first four to five months of sophomore year, it was hard trying to crack at a simple joke. Once, sophomore year was coming to a close, I realized there was more to life @CAPS1 moping around in my own self-pity.
In a relationship you should be able to trust in each other, confide in each other, talk with each other, cry with each other and most importantly laugh with each other. Many people believe that laughter is an important part of relationships, and I can definitely agree with that statement. The relationship in my life that I totally get the most laughter out of is the relationship between me and my best friend, and boyfriend, @PERSON2. He can always make me laugh, even on my worst days he can find a smile and a little giggle. I constantly thank @CAPS1 for putting him in my life. The first thing that I really noticed about @PERSON2 when I started to get to know him better, is that he can always make me laugh. Whether he is making totally weird faces at me or tickling me until I can barely breath, he always knows how to get me laughing.
Every day I spend with my girlfriend is a day full of fun and laughter. I can be in the worst of moods and she can brighten my whole day with @CAPS1 a couple of words. Together we can chane any situation into a happy one. What i'm trying to say is that laughter is a very powerful thing @CAPS1 by making someone laugh, you can change their mood, their day or in some cases maybe change their whole life. People say that laughter is very contagous. I beleive that is true. Take comedians for example, they can take any situation and make a whole room burst with laughter. My favorite one is when this one comedian said "@CAPS2 @CAPS3 shivering in the cold, we will bring him silver and gold", like the song. He then said " @CAPS4 don't they @CAPS1 bring him some blankets, I meen come on, the poor kid is going to die of hypothermia but at least he will be rich when he does".
A true story for me in laughter. My favorite memory in laughter happened two years ago @CAPS4 I meet my friend @CAPS1. I meet her at the @ORGANIZATION1. I was walking out of @ORGANIZATION5's @CAPS4, @CAPS1 was walking in. We bumped right into each other. First, we were both mad at each other and just saying, "@CAPS3 watch where your going!" @CAPS4 we both calmed down we went our separate ways. I went to the food court and not even ten minutes behind me she was right there. We both waited in the @ORGANIZATION3 line. @CAPS1 and I just stood by each other for awhile, until I apologized for running into her earlier. She said, "@CAPS5 its @CAPS6, I should of been watching where I was going other then watching the floor, as I walk." We laughed for a little while until it was our turn to get some food. After we payed, I asked her if she would like to sit with me because we were both alone at the time.
Laughter is a very important part of life, for many different reasons. Some @MONTH1 say that its vital to survive, one needs laughter to have a full and rich life. Sometimes laughter can hurt more than it helps. This is a statement I myself believe, and have concluded from the actions and outcomes in my life. Laughter can show emotions towards a statement, or lack of emotions. Laughter can make someone either depressed or happy. It is true when someone says there is a difference when someone is laughing at you, as opposed to someone laughing with you. When a friend or a group of friends laugh with me, its an amazing, self esteem raising emotion. This laughter brings friends closer, and causes us to trust each other more. One time I thought laughing was appropriate at the time but then later felt awful. One scorching @DATE1 day my friends and I decided to venture to the mall, being we lived in apartments and lacked the money for an air conditioner.
DAIRY @CAPS1 boyfriend and I spend a lot of time hanging out together,@CAPS2 two days ago @PERSON3 and I had just gotten into an argument . his mom had just finished making food.he wanted me to try it and see if i liked it. but before I ate any @CAPS3 him if he would eat some of it with me."maybe just a little bit"he had said getting up to grab a fork.Ithought he was going to eat it with me but it turned out that he just sat next to me talking to @PERSON2 @CAPS2 the fight he had just been in. I really didn't mind the fact that he wasn't eating with me. Icontinued eating, I separated the food by colors to make a face on my plate. it turned out looking pretty great, he looks over and says"whats that supposed to be?" with a smirk on his face"its a face!...
@CAPS4 @CAPS1 Laughter is a powerful tool when you know how to use it. It has the ability to inspire, when in doubt. Lift heavy spirts to new heights, and it can also create great devotion, to a person, thing or cause. So what has laughter done for you and I? Well it has done lots for me, a good example would be my experience in the @ORGANIZATION2. At @CAPS2 middle @ORGANIZATION3 I had everything going for me. I had good grades, teachers, but most of all a group of friends that I could share many laughs with. When we graduated and went to @ORGANIZATION3 my friends either moved or dispersed into other groups. It was horrible not to have anyone to laugh with, making things pretty tough. Then came the @LOCATION1 @CAPS3 program, or @ORGANIZATION1. Since I wasn't really envoled in the program I didn't have any friends, save vanecek.
Seeing one of @CAPS15 best friends trip and hit his face on a screen door, was enough to make myself laugh. Its was the @DATE1 after @CAPS15 @NUM1 grade year of school. I was having @CAPS15 friends @PERSON2, @PERSON3 and @CAPS15 neighbor @PERSON1 stay the night at @CAPS15 house. @CAPS25 ever we got bored we usually went around @CAPS15 neighborhood "@CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS3" some houses to have some fun. "@CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS3" is @CAPS25 @CAPS21 quietly sneak up to someones front door, ring the door bell a couple times and then @CAPS23 run away. All four of us were hanging out that day. It was a great @DATE1 day, gorgeous sun, warm temperature and a nice gentle breeze to cool off your face.@CAPS25 it came to night fall we were all in @CAPS15 room playing @CAPS7 @NUM2. "I'm bored bro," @PERSON2 said to the other three of us. "@CAPS8 then, think of something to @CAPS19,"@CAPS9 replied "I can't think of anything," @PERSON1 stated with a bored look on his face.
"@CAPS1 ma, do you know where my purse is." I wonder where it is, I need to put my license in my wallet. I kept looking around and found it in my room under all my dirty clothes. A sigh of relief came over me, I was glad I found it before something happened. I woke up @DATE1 @TIME1 and figured it would be just another day. I had plans to go to a basketball game after school. It was the biggest game of the season, we were playing our rivals, the @CAPS2 @CAPS3. The day was going by slow though, I couldn't wait until it was over. Finally the bell rang, school was over, I drove home a little disappointed. I wasn't sure if my friends were going to the game with me, if they didn't go I probably wouldn't either. I was determined though, I texted them at five and convinced them it would be fun.
Laughter is a key to any happy and successful relationship in my opinion. It can break the ice in an akward situation or help you become closer to someone. Some people have said that laughter is the shortest distance between two people, and that laughter is the best medicine. I believe that both of those statements are true. Personally laughter has dramatically changed many different social situations throught my @NUM1 years of life. One time in particular that I remember laughter really bringing me closer together with other people is when I was camping with a few of my friends. It was three years ago in the middle of @DATE1 and we were all sleeping outside under the stars. We had all been talking about pretty serious stuff, family and friend problems and just sharing our hardships in general with eachother. I didn't really have much to complain about, I had a pretty average family that I loved along with good friends.
Laughter Laughter has always played a significant role in the relationships of @CAPS2 life. Being able to laugh with someone creates a bond with that person.Through laughter, I was able to become friends with a person that I can call to this day @CAPS2 best friend. I met the person that would later on become @CAPS2 best friend through one of @CAPS2 friends. A few friends of mine and I were hanging out and @CAPS2 friend, @PERSON1, said, " @CAPS1 know @PERSON2, @CAPS1 should talk to a good friend of mine."I didn'@CAPS4 oppose to the idea because from what @PERSON1 told me about her, it seemed like it would be very easy for me to get along with her. About ten minutes later, I looked down at @CAPS2 cell phone and noticed that I had a text message from a number that I did not know. I asked who the person was and waited for a response.
"@CAPS1!" @CAPS2 society today loves laughter. From comical shows to hilarious friends, people have fun convulsing with glee. Not to mention that when you're doubled over with laughter you are getting an amazing workout. Everyone that texts @MONTH1 use "@CAPS3" or "haha" to show they think something is funny; but it is nothing compared to actually being with friends and having, "a smile that burst." I couldn't wait. I was on the coast at a camp with my friends, and we were about to head-up to walk up to the three crosses. Some of the other girls were asleep and we had to leave quietly. One of the girls tripped as we were walking out the door and it took all we had to not burst out in laughter. Because when she tripped, she barely caught herself, as she was about to fall on sleeping @CAPS4. Jasmine scurried out the door with the rest of us.
"Laughter is the shortest distance between two people." @CAPS1 best friend @PERSON1. Wow! All those great times last @DATE1 and all the ones to come. Some people think were weird but if you knew us you would understand. Sometimes people say, "I'm going to die laughing." @CAPS2 i know I am because of @PERSON1, she knows how to always make me laugh. If I had to count how many times we've laughed about or done together i could there isn't enough time or numbers to tell you how many times. First of all, this friendship started the @DATE1, and now we are in sophomore @DATE1 of high school. We've been friends for one @DATE1 and eleven months and six days. We are the best of best of friends. So last @DATE1 when we were learning the cheers for football season, all most every-time we got done with a cheer, @PERSON1 @PERSON1 and I would say, "@CAPS3-in @CAPS4." That was our saying, and we always did it @DATE1 and after the football or basketball games.
It was some day in @DATE1, I was on my way to school. My friend @PERSON1 was walking with me because we both lived on the same street. He lived a few houses away from me but we always walked to and from school together. Well on this particular day i decided to wear a pair of sneakers that had absolutely no traction on the bottom of the shoe and there was snow out. I slipped a few times but never fell. We were laughing because I would be right in the middle of saying something and id almost fall over. We got to school and he started telling everyone about it, I joined in. It was pretty funny because even at school I would almost fall over because the floors were wet from the dried snow. I thought about just walking home and changing my shoes but I would have to wait until lunch because I couldn't leave school until then or i would get in trouble.
It was one of those days where I just sat around all day doing nothing, but play @PERSON2, text, and laugh at myself. It was one of those days where no one bothered me; no one even really talked to me; no one told me to do chores. By dinner time someone decided to call me up stairs to eat, but let me tell you, it wasn't anything like pizza. Although I'd rather eat it than get a lecture on not being thankful. My brother came home for the first time in ever, ate with us, then decided to leave again. But this time I asked to come with; I'm so tired of beating @PERSON2. He said no, of coarse. I made my daddy change his mind for him, of coarse. I don't see why he wouldn't let me come in the first place. He was going to hang out with the guys I grew up with, my friends, not his.
A day with the family One day my cousin, her husband, my mom, my dad and i had gone out to eat at @ORGANIZATION2 for breakfast. They had all grown up together, and telling stories about the old days made them all want to hangout more often. They always had @CAPS2 much fun together. I grew up with my cousins around a lot of the time. We would always hangout. We started talking about all the crazy times we have had, and it was nice to hear abut the old days. We were just laughing up a storm. All a sudden out of @CAPS1 where my cousin @PERSON1 farts. All of us start busting up laughing. @PERSON1 continues to fart while she is uncontrollably laughing. @CAPS2 many people were looking at us in the restaurant. Here was a group of people all laughing, and one of them cannot stop farting. The laughing got louder as well as the farting.
Laughter is important, we all know that. It makes life easier, happier and even helps you live longer. It's also very important to relationships. When talking about preference in significant others it's often that people mention that they want someone who can make them laugh, this is why. this story is , however, not about dating. It is about how laughter can cause you to go from hating someone one moment to being their best friend the next. I had known @PERSON1 for a while for a few months at this point, I had met him on the bus. He was pale, skinny, loud, and he always had something funny and offensive to say. He was a shut in. Before I met @PERSON1 I could dish it out but I couldn't take it. I remember one day, the day I went from hating him to befriending him, we were fighting about something so insignificant that I can't for the life of me remember what it was.
Laughter is good for every one.@CAPS1 helps the body be more awake infact believe it or not, @CAPS1 is an extercise for the body. Laughter clears the body when people are really stressed out.@CAPS1 is like a cure for the body and also,Laughter is not just good foro you but also when others see you @CAPS1 it alsogives another person courage to do the same.
Laughter is a @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS3 @CAPS4 have been there, I know @CAPS4 have. We all have. @CAPS4 have been that kid that just did not feel like helping your nagging parent out. Especially when your dad had been in a huge motorcycle wreck and @CAPS4 had been waiting on him hand and foot the entire visit there.@CAPS10 had gone through a couple of surgeries and was put on a lot of medications for @CAPS2. I had noticed @CAPS10 was not really himself on all these pills. His abnormality was taking a toll on the family. Through all these stressful times, we were also worried about @CAPS6 stepmother. She was pregnant with her second child. There was also stress of having @CAPS6 fathers business being the main income, and him not being able to work. @CAPS6 father felt helpless, his leg was to weak for him to be doing anything.@CAPS10 would micromanage everything, and tell @CAPS4 were doing things all wrong.
Laughter play's an important role in relationships, @CAPS1 also supports enjoyment and can be a persuit of happinees. Whenever i am laughing its either because i am really enjoying myself or im just having a great time.Many people don't have a very good sense of humor and dont laugh at thing's that are funny, whenever i watch a funny movie's that i like i sit down and wait for the very funny parts, but dont get me wrong, remember not to laugh to hard because you might wet youre pants by accident or who knows if you laugh hard enought you might even pull a "whotammy "and trust me that does not look pritty and then you will be embarresed infront of everybody. My favorite comedian is adam sandler because he is very funny and has a good sense of humor, he knows how to keep a person laughting and interested in his comedy shows and movies.when he made the big daddy movie @CAPS1 was pritty good not to funny but @CAPS1 was good.My secound favorite comedian is @PERSON1 because he is funnyer that adam sandler by a lil bit but not quit as good though he also stars on a tv show called wild'n out that show really makes me almost cough out my lungs, especially when they bust out with youre mama jokes @CAPS1 keeps you laughting and keeps the blood pumping thru youre body.so we all pritty much under stand what laughing is but most people dont really seem to laugh at things that are funny i cant quit undersatnd @CAPS1 but my guess is tha t they dont have a good sene of humor but some people seem to lautgh at thing that dont even make sense i quit dont undestand that either but i guess its better to laugh than to not laugh at all.
Laughter is the cure to a sickness and the medicine to somebodies pain. Laughter can mend a friendship to make two strangers become the best of friends. A person can ask anybody on the street of how much laughter is important in life and they would say that laughter is very important. It's like love, everyone needs a little of it in their life and like laughter, it helps a person grow and become an adult. A person can use laughter to help them with anything like getting a job, or trying to get the girl, or just having a good time and making new friends. It's one of the main elements of life that make a person how they are and what they do. In the @DATE1 I was introduced to a girl named @DATE3, by my cousin @PERSON1. She started talking to me and I was shy because she was a girl and I wasn't used to talking to girls.
I have had many great times with my grandpa. He is a very funny and loving man. When my cousin, my grandpa and I get together for a camping trip there is trouble coming no matter what. A few years ago he took me and my cousin on a two day camping trip along the @ORGANIZATION1. The first campground we arrived at had no open sites so we moved on to the next campground. @CAPS1 campground had tons of open campsites so we picked the best one we could find and stayed there for the first @TIME1. Later that evening we learned why there was no one at the campground. The reason was that there was a racoon problem a few days before and people were scared to stay in the campground for fear of attack or having their food stolen. We were lucky and never saw the racoon and we never lost any of our food.
"Laughter" I believe laughter is the shortest distance between two people. When things between you and a loved one get fuzzy making them laugh will always help break the ice. When I get angry with my boyfriend he knows that in order for me to be happy he must make me smile/laugh. That is exactly what he does. The very first time he made me angry he didn't know what to do. It was @DATE1 @CAPS1 and I had just started dating. I remember he asked me if I was hungry and I said "no I'm not hungry," so he continued to ask. Since we had only been dating for a short period of time he really didn't know much about me, so he didn't know that I am a type of girl that gets annoyed easily and I have a really low temper. He continued to ask me if I was hungry, thirsty, bored, or tired but he didn't realize that at this point I was really annoyed; an hour and a half passed by and he was still asking!
Angelina @CAPS1 @CAPS2 a year ago, some time in the @DATE2, I was at my best friend @PERSON1's house for a sleepover after her @CAPS3 party. We were exhausted from swimming at her @CAPS4's pool and taking her dog for a walk, not to mention the partying, and we would have been asleep if it weren't for the family-sized bag of @CAPS5 and six pack of @ORGANIZATION1 we'd consumed not an hour before. At around three in the @TIME1, our childish minds searching for something to do, we decided it was a good idea to paint the tips of our tongues blue with nail polish in hopes of them glowing in the dark when held to the black light on her windowsill. I was the first one daring enough to touch my tongue to the brush, and boy did it hurt! The acid and alcohol in the polish stung my taste buds.
Once upon a time, on a late rainy night my friends @PERSON2 I decided @CAPS5 would be fun to go out in the woods @PERSON2 play @NUM1-go-seek. One of my friend's sisters drove us out to the woods @PERSON2 the idea of the game was that since there were four of us, two would go out @PERSON2 hide @PERSON2 tow would stay in the car @PERSON2 count until the other two were ready to be found. Well once while us four were doing that @CAPS5 was pouring down rain @PERSON2 very very muddy outside. Well the two that hide were @PERSON2 @PERSON2 @PERSON1 @PERSON2 the two that stayed in the car to count was me friend @PERSON3 @PERSON2 I. Before @PERSON2 @PERSON2 @PERSON1 went out to hide we all made up a signal to let the others know if we were okay or no. The danger signal was @CAPS1 @CAPS1. @CAPS3 after we had our little meeting @PERSON2 got everything situated @PERSON2 dealt with, @PERSON1 got out of the car @PERSON2 went of @PERSON2 hid while me @PERSON2 @PERSON3 stayed in the car to wait @PERSON2 count.
For me laughter makes the world go round. It is much needed to keep the world light and filled with a seance of happiness. You will hardly come across me with out a big old smile plastered across my face. There is so many stores to choose from but @TIME1 one will be the most fun to tell i think. It still makes me giggle just thinking about that @TIME1. I was going on a trip with my last boyfriend, @PERSON1, down to @LOCATION1 for the forth of @DATE1. They have a big forth of @DATE1 walk and i was lucky to get to tag along with him and his mom. We wear staying with good friends of his mom @CAPS1 and @CAPS2. There house was stunningly amazing, beaut full wood floors, big open living room that combined with the kitchen and dining room, vaulted ceilings, and a big stunning window that framed crisp @CAPS3.
Being able to laugh, is one of the greatest feelings in the world. Having family to share it with is priceless. Family moments like that, are times no one can take away. They will be there for you to look back on and just smile on those days. Not being able to laugh would make this world dull and a very depressing place. Laughter is the main connection between family and friends. My family and I decided that for our @DATE1 break we would drive to the great land of @LOCATION1. Not one of us @CAPS1 how to get there, but my mom told us she would figure it out and for us not to worry about it. So the day we were released from school my mom packed us up and off we went.After two long hours of driving we finally arrived at the @CAPS2 @CAPS3. The crowd to get across was huge.
Laughter brings the world together in a way that cannot be put into words. When two people laugh together over the same thing, a special bond is made that is like no other. There is no way to describe the connection and how it can build a relationship. Every person on this @LOCATION2 will hopefully experience the bond that laughter brings. Last @DATE2, I was a member of a select lacrosse team and I didn't know any of the girls there. The team had five practices before the tournament and by the third practice, I still hadn't talked to many girls there. I was too shy to talk to these girls who all seemed to have a friend with them on the team. At the fourth practice, we were all stretching in a circle and I made a comment to one of the girls and she laughed. We began talking and throughout the rest of that practice, we talked and became friends.
Humor is a huge part of who i am,and i love making people laugh, but this story is about an event that made my whole family fall down laughing on the floor. It all started one @DATE1 when my cousin received a trampoline for his birthday. It was a great day not only for him but for the rest of us kids too because we all could go and play on it whenever we wanted. We were always over at my cousins house after that. We would have competitions to see who could jump the highest or who could do the coolest trick. Sometimes we would fall off or one of us would get hurt and then my aunt and uncle wouldn't let us play on it for a while but they would always cave and let us back on it. It wasn't until a few months later that we all witnessed the funniest accident that any of us had ever seen in our life time.
It was a normal day, I had just woken up, because my friend @PERSON2 who had called me wondering if I wanted to hangout.I said yes and I went and took a shower and got ready. Once I was ready I called him back and asked him where he wanted to hangout at. He told me that he wanted me to go over to kyle house and play basketball.When I got there everyone was over there so we decied to have a big game of basketball.I was on the better team and already knew we were going to win, but every single shot I took I missed and it was really embarresing, but my team ended up winning which was no suprise.After the game we all were tired and went inside to play video games. We played @CAPS1 of @CAPS2 @CAPS3 @CAPS4 @NUM1, we took turns and on my turns I did really bad because I dont really play video games so everyone laughed at me including myself.As soon as we were done playing I got a @CAPS1 from a bunch of girls who were going to the movies that night, and wanted to know if everyone and I wanted to go.Everyone decied to go, and we all wanted to see the movie paranormal activity @NUM1, so we were pretty excited and before the movie started we all went over to @PERSON1 house and hungout with all the girls.We all sat in the living room listening to music while most of the girls were up stairs getting ready.I was bored so I went up stairs to hangout with the girls and let me tell you it was a bad idea because the second I walked up there they all wanted me to let them straighten my hair or let them put makeup on me.So I went back down stairs and warned everyone not to go up there.They asked why and when I told them they all laughed and some of them went up there anyway and came back with makeup on I laughed so hard that i fell off the couch.Once I finaly stopped laughing it was time to go and her mom drove us there but there was not enough seats in the car so me and all the girls we cramed into the front seat and the reast of the guys were in the back seat, so I was pretty happy.When we got in the movie theater there was a pretty long line but it was worth it.Suprisingly the moive was acutaly kinda scary it made me jump like five times.When we drove home it was like @NUM3 and @PERSON3 and I walked home from her house and the whole way back he was freaking out and it made me laugh and it made him laugh how I was kinda freaked out too.I think that it was a really fun day because I was laughing through most of it.
@CAPS1 is my personal belief that that hilarity and giddiness are the best emotional states to be in. Therefore @CAPS1 makes sense that people who find laughter in the same things would be of good relations. @CAPS1 is because of their likeness of minds that they are connected and find happiness in each others company. My story is an example of laughter's connection between people and the strength of the bond @CAPS1 forms. Picture the scene: @CAPS1 was @DATE2 on the north side of @CAPS2. Hood below the infamous snow dome. Standing there was a weak eleven year old boy who thought he could not continue further. Patiently standing beside him was his father, a climbing veteran who had scaled mountains in @LOCATION1,and @LOCATION2. The boy was tired, he could not put one foot in front of the other. His muscles screamed in protest as the blisters on his heels throbbed in harmony.
Laughing, smirking, giggling, @CAPS1 chuckling; these all have to do with one subject, @CAPS1 that is, laughing. Laughter is everywhere, you hear it in libraries, parks, at home, behind your back, @CAPS1 it can be a great thing or a horrible thing in @ORGANIZATION1 @CAPS1 even with family @CAPS1 friends. Everyone has a past with laughing that has welcomed them, helped them out, cheered them up, or even, just so they can make a very special friend that will stay with them forever. It was the start of a brand new @ORGANIZATION1 @ORGANIZATION1 @CAPS1 I had just moved from @LOCATION2. I was a seventh grader about to start at @ORGANIZATION1 in @LOCATION1, @CAPS1 wasn't a real big fan of hanging out with people , so i stayed to myself most of the weeks, eating lunch in the guidance center, trying to figure out where books where without talking to anybody. My schedule was good, I had choir, art, drama, you know all the stuff I like.
When it comes down to laughter, it can change a person's thinking or even the mood that @CAPS4 are in. Laughter can be the ending result, to a bad start to a day or to greater the relationship between two people. I love to laugh because it shows how I am feeling and it keeps me happy, I not only laugh when I'm sad, but also when I'm in a great mood as well. Growing up in a world full of tragedies and war, I feel like you should always keep your head held high and the smiles flowing. Although, when life gives you lemons, you must make lemonade and keep your face with the sour look because it's funny! I think that laughter is one of the best medicines around and can fix most problems whenever you are feeling down. @CAPS2 older sister brought into this world the most amazing little nieces, an aunt could ever have.
Having laughter in your life is a big part in showing who you really are. Some people think that you @MONTH1 be one person who can be "stuck up" or a funny person who can really be "stuck up", but in the end your all laughing together no matter who they are. When you see something happen real funny you can't help but laugh. Or even when you get nervous all people do is laugh it off. All different kinds of people have different ways in showing how they can use laughter in their own lives. "@CAPS1 are blue, roses are red, your always in my head, i want you in my bed...." That's suppose to be a love poem. When your in a relationship with someone you might think your in love. If your partner is never open about anything, you probably don't have a great relationship. See if you can argue one moment with your lover then the next laugh it off because you were silly to be even discussing it.
As we all know, water is what we most need to stay alive cause without it we'd pretty much die. Well, it's also quit similar with laughter. I once heard my night school teacher say, "@CAPS1 is @PERCENT1 attitude". I thought about it for r a moment and realized it's quit true. No one can really go throughout the hole day, without having any type of beverage and as much as someone is upset for any apparel reason, will soon end up smiling. Who knows perhaps for the silliest thing whatsoever. I've been going out with my boyfriend @LOCATION1, for about seven months already. We don't get to see each other as much as I'd like to. We try to spend the weekends together as much as we can, but there's been times when it's every other weekend. Since him and I have quit a few things in common like, our relatives, knowing each other before dating, places we go for entertainment, food, likes and dislikes.
Just @CAPS1 walking through @ORGANIZATION2 in a banana costume with one of your best friends. We were trying to find the best costumes for a @CAPS2 party. When having so much fun by taking many pictures and videos we lost track of time. I can't even remember which one of us was laughing the hardest. @CAPS3 is just one example of the crazy things my friend @PERSON1 and I have done together. One thing is for certain, whenever we are together we are always laughing. Laughter reduces stress for both @PERSON1 and I. We were team members for the past six years. Both of us competed as gymnasts at @ORGANIZATION1. We worked out at the gym @DATE1 for four hours each day. That gave us no time to hang out with friends and just enough time to do homework. At @ORGANIZATION1, @PERSON1 and I needed to be focused so we wouldn't get hurt.
"Many other people believe that laughter is an important of any relationship." Many other people believe that laughter is an important part of any relationship. I also agree with those thoughts. I came to @LOCATION1 about @DATE1, I did not speak @CAPS1 at all that time. I started going school. I practiced saying my name, age, and where I came from before I go to school. Next day I walked in to school and I could see that everyone was looking at me. It was pretty scary to me. I looked back at one girl and she walked towards me. "@CAPS2, my name is @PERSON1," the girl said. "@CAPS2, my name is @CAPS4. I'm from @LOCATION2. I don't really speak @CAPS1," I said to @PERSON1, then @PERSON1 started laughing so hard. "@CAPS6-@CAPS6 you have accent," @PERSON1 said, "it's really cute." I laughed back. @PERSON1 looked really nice with her smiles on and we became friends so quickly.
Laughter is the best way to show someone that they are funny. It is the best way to relax. Everyone says that hearing a baby laugh is great. Watching comedians doing their acts can cheer people up and have them start laughing. Laughter is the best way to relax and here is three reason for that. First, is that no one can stay angry at the person making them laugh. Second, is that when someone laughs everyone around that person start laughing. Third and last reason, is that no one can stay sadden when something funny is happening. What do you think when you hear a baby's laughter? I think that the baby is truly loved by its family. He or she is having a bast playing with someone in the family or themselves. They think that whatever you are doing is funny. A comedian's job is to make a crowd of people laugh at or with them.
@CAPS6 only happened a few weeks ago on a day the all the students were supposed to be out having fun or sleeping because there was plenty of snow outside. A guy was crying on his chair with his hands over his eyes, a french horn in his lap and his gaze fixed on the ground below him. Sobs choked the sound in the band room but luckily for this guy's pride there weren't too many people in the room to start off with. The guy's head rose up, the tears seemed to eat the self sturdiness of his normal self, and @CAPS2 spoke to the person who always sat to his left. " @CAPS1 just don't understand @PERSON2" the broken, voice cracked on words "I don't care that @CAPS1 play in cascade winds or that @CAPS1 get private lessons or that @CAPS1've gone to state honor band! This @MONTH1 sound like a terrible reason, but i just want to play first because i want to play first, and @CAPS1 never let us play first." @CAPS2 was right about one thing, @PERSON2 really never let us play first.
We're happy together @PERSON1 told me @CAPS2 we lay on his bed. I just smiled and I knew this was going to be a really good relationship. @CAPS5 always made me feel so great. @CAPS5 made me feel beautiful. Now don't say your too young to know what love is ,@CAPS1 I've heard it from my mom every time I talked about him. But I know that no one has ever made me feel this wonderful about myself, made me feel perfect. When we are together it's fun. Most guys I have been with have not been @CAPS2 fun, @CAPS2 in our dates together, walking to the park too sit and talk, eating out to kiss in public. Before we were ever dating, We were best friends. We still are best friends. Everyone asked us @CAPS6 we were dating, The answer was always no we're best friend's, but I always wanted more.
Everyone loves to laugh; I don't think everyone understands the effect laughter can have on two people though. For example, there can be two complete strangers, who have never seen each other before in their life; as soon as they start laughing they could become good friends. You'll never know how close you can be with someone if you don't ever sit down and talk, laugh, and get to know them. You could go your whole life being at @CAPS4 with just a minute amount of friends but then there could be @NUM1 other classmates you've never talked to that could also become your friends, too. I'm sure just getting to know one another would make a difference in someones life because for me there has been many situations where laughing has made an impact on my relationship with someone; especially with my best friend, @PERSON1. When I first met my friend @PERSON1 we didn't know each other at all but laughing broke the ice.
One @DATE1 @TIME1 back in @DATE2 a couple of friends and I were beyond bored. Nothing seemed fun to do. @CAPS1 to a movie, @CAPS1 to get some food, not even call of @CAPS2 sounded entertaining. @LOCATION1 parents told us to go do something outside. Before leaving his house he slips into his pantry and grabs two hefty rolls of @CAPS11 wrap. "I think I have an idea" @CAPS3 @PERSON1 as we walk away from his house. I have no clue where we're walking to. @PERSON1 just keeps saying "follow me." We all follow in a pack down the street until we show up at @ORGANIZATION1. Cold and confused, we sit in the parking lot of the @ORGANIZATION1 waiting for all cars to be gone. Once all the cars are gone @PERSON1 informs us on what we are doing here. He tells us of something he did with his cousins awhile back.
I agree when people say laughter is what mostly brings people together. In my opinion, @NUM1 of the time your talking to someone, laughter is needed. It is what brings the dullness out of a person, and makes the conversation interesting. Only when you are talking about something serious, you dont need to include laughter, but ill explain later. So I can easily tell a true story about laughter from my life. Right now i have a perfect group of friends. Sure there are times when they mess up and act like kids, but i feel like i need to forgive and remember that they are there when i need them. Anyways, i can remember the first time i met each one of them, and the one thing that started our friendship was a joke. I can't exactly remember which joke we shared, but i do remember that we all had the same taste in comedy.
These are some example that i remember when i had fun and laughter in my life @CAPS1 all started in the @DATE1 time when i was like @NUM1 years old and my cousins were living with @CAPS3 cause they had just moved down to @LOCATION1 from @LOCATION2. @CAPS1 was fun having them around. @CAPS3 and my cousin @PERSON7 and my cousin @PERSON3 who lived right next to @CAPS3 would always ride bike. Some times joey would take my bike with out asking @CAPS3 and i would get so mad at him.he would take my bike like if @CAPS1 was his. @CAPS3 and my cousins would always race down the street with our bikes. I was always the one to win the race the kind of bike i has was a @PERSON4 @CAPS1 was a @CAPS2 bike witch is a bike made for the dirt and to race. @CAPS3 and my cousins would go behind some apartment down are street and there was a ramp that we made.
Someone once said laughter was the best medicine. To me it was like someone was saying "@CAPS1! Life isn't gonna get any better so just enjoy it while you @CAPS6!" @CAPS2 that's what I did for a while, but laughing at everything got old very quickly. Sad to say I still laugh at most things, even sad things. I laugh because I think that if I do then everything will just get better. That's not even close to what really happens. In fact it @CAPS6 only cause more pain and suffering in most cases. Like the time where I met this guy named @PERSON1. He was amazing. Most people who met him thought he was a god and when he heard people talking about him like that he would always get very upset. He was a human. Nothing more and nothing less. That's how I saw it and that's how he saw it too.
Trust is a huge deal between friends. Friends agree on the same things, say an honest opinion about it, and don't lose the trust between a great friendship. You never know who can stay by you with a full amount of trust between you two.When you trust a friend you depend on them to keep things between each other. Just like my friends and I. We agreed on telling each other everything that has happened and not to lie about anything. We agreed on everything based on trust. Our friendship has always been great with not lying to each other. Telling each other how we feel about certain things. Then we put all our opinions together and come up with a solution that we all agree on. That's why you should depend each other like a team. When you break a trust between a friend, you probably won't get the same trust you had before.
One day @CAPS17 I was having trouble trying to cope with some very big changes in @CAPS13 life, I seeked the help of a friend. Usually @CAPS17 i'm having a bad day I @CAPS14 keep to myself. This was an occasion @CAPS17 I need someone else there to help @CAPS2. @CAPS17 I went @CAPS5 met with @CAPS13 friend she tried all she could to cheer @CAPS2 up but nothing was working. @CAPS6 she said "@CAPS1 hear a story?" @CAPS2 wanting to hear anything that would take @CAPS2 out of this slump I was curently in said "@CAPS3, @CAPS4 @CAPS12 think it will help."@CAPS5 @CAPS6 she began. "The other day @CAPS13 family @CAPS5 I went grocery shopping. We were gone for probably four hours. I stopped her right there @CAPS5 asked her how this was relavent to making @CAPS2 feel better @CAPS5 she said "The more details the funnier it is." I told her to continue.
Have you ever had a fear of falling off of a cliff when up in the mountain? I have, I actually had that experience. It was a @DATE1 @TIME2 @PERSON1 we had just gotten off of the bus. I had grabbed all of my gear from the storage from under the bus @PERSON1 headed for the slopes. we strapped in our boots @PERSON1 went to the lift to catch a chair up. I was with my friends @PERSON1, @PERSON1 all three of us joined the snowboard team at school that year. The three of us caught a chair up to the top of the run. The air was so crisp, @PERSON1 the snow was a fresh blanket of powder. We were all so excited to go ride in that perfect of a @TIME1. As we went down the run, it was the same old usual every @DATE1 @TIME1. so I talked to my friends @PERSON1 suggested that it was time we went through some new trails.
Laughter, everyone from babies to old people do it. Laughter is an element that helps in life. They say that "laughter is the best medicine" it truly is. Laughing lets people know that you have a good sense of humor and that you like to have fun and let loose. In any friendship, relationship, job or sport you need to laugh every once in a while. You can't always be serious. Being serious @NUM1 as they say is not good, it makes people seem like they don't know how to enjoy life or they have no sense of humor. In the @DATE1 I had a rough volleyball season. A lot of my teammates had problems with me, because I was chosen as captain along side my friend @PERSON1. We weren't the most well liked, but we were liked by some. It was hard for @PERSON1 and I to prove that we were right for the position of captains and that we could lead the team.
Laughter is a major component in a relationship. Laughter once saved my best freinds relationship with his girlfreind. They had just goten ito the bigest fight I have ever seen. The fight started over something so small and insignificant that neither of them could remember what it was. The fight had a snowball affect untill neither of them knew what they were fighting over. Then one day, while they were taking a break from fighting, we went to see a funny movie. A while into the movie I got up to go to the restroom, and when i got back my freind and his girlfreind were both lauphng histaricly. I asked them what was so funny, but they wouldn't tell me. @CAPS4 the movie we went to a @CAPS1 restorant for dinner. While we were being seated my freind mumbled something i couldn't hear to his girlfreind, and she burst into laughter.
@CAPS10 @CAPS1 @CAPS9 my @CAPS2! Laughter, you need it to survive in this world. Someone should laugh at least ten times a day. Have you ever heard, it takes more muscles to frown than to smile? Well, I believe that it is true. It's more convenent to be happy than being sad. According to me. In @DATE2, my family was living in @LOCATION1, @ORGANIZATION1. My mom and dad had @NUM1 baby girls, before my brother and I were born. It was a beautiful snowy morning on @DATE1... Christmas! My sister, @PERSON1 in a bright yellow dress was @CAPS13 excited to be getting presents and cake! As soon as @CAPS6 opened a big battery powered monster truck, her beautiful clear blue eyes got as big as watermelons! @PERSON1 walked over steddily, and climbed into the huge truck. There was only one problem, @CAPS6 couldn't reach the pedals. Everyone stood there, silent... then they started busting up laughing because @PERSON1 awkwardly looked like @CAPS6 was dancing in the truck beacuse @CAPS6 was trying to reach the pedals.
Laughter @CAPS1 brings enthusiasm and joyfulness to any means or matter. Have you ever thought of laughter being a part or key element in a relationship? A time when laughter has really helped or made a relationship is when I met one of my still today best friends. I had just started fifth grade at a new school; I transferred from private to public. There was only a couple of people I knew there because of family, and these people were my cousins. As you can imagine I sat by the people whom I known for most of my life, and being in this position was very awkward. So, eventually at the end of the day I was ready to leave school and it was my first time I ever got to walk home since this school was much closer than my last. I had to walk home with a kid who lived right by me; this I had never known because of my sheltered young life.
A lot of people always say that a sense of humor is very important when looking for a significant other, or even a friend. @CAPS4 some people don't realize @CAPS1 how much laughter can bring people together! I know now that all it takes is for two people to laugh together to become great friends. My best friends, @PERSON1 and @PERSON2 became my friends by doing @CAPS1 that. All my life I've gone to small schools with my aunt, @LOCATION1. We are only two years apart so we usually can stay within the same @ORGANIZATION1, so I never feel alone. @CAPS4 @CAPS2 ended up going to a different @ORGANIZATION1 @ORGANIZATION1 than me. I would have to face @ORGANIZATION1 on my own. My freshman year of @ORGANIZATION1 @ORGANIZATION1, I was pretty nervous. It was my first time at a huge @ORGANIZATION1, I had @CAPS1 moved and I didn't know anyone, so I was pretty shy.
@CAPS11 was @DATE1, hot and dry hadn't seen any @CAPS26 for a few miles. We'd been walking for a good six hours now @CAPS18 snacking on left over jerky scraps. @PERSON3 hadn't said much today still pissed off about dropping the can-tine, I would've laughed if the duration of our lives weren't depending on that can-tine. Hadn't heard even a grain of sand shift along the dead dry dirt that day under the blistering sun. No wind no nothing. I looked up the sun was at @CAPS11's peak yet @CAPS11 felt like a few weeks had already gone by. Finally gaining the courage to crack open my wrinkled bloodied lips I managed to sputter something, "@CAPS1 sound good right about now, @CAPS3't you think?" @CAPS2 didn't even glance over at me, I couldn't tell if @CAPS2 was @CAPS18 ignoring me or that @CAPS2 was sun burnt so bad his skin would tear @CAPS18 turning his head.
Laughter is like feeling your alive, that nothing else matters, the pain in your life releasing, and the feeling that everything is alright. You laugh when things are funny and sometimes even laugh when they aren't funny maybe to make someone feel better or just to relax a little. When someone tells you a joke and its hilarious do you just sit and stare at them, or do you fall on the ground laughing? Personally I fall on the ground laughing hysterically. You can have the best of times when your laughing it lightens the mood a little, makes it less tense in the environment. I have enjoyed many times by laughing at the silly things we do or at the dumbest things we do and make them not as bad by laughing about it. My friend and I have been going on adventures since the third grade. We go on walks and get lost, we built forts in the middle of nowhere, we road her quad out to the sandy race tracks, and we climbed over fences to pass the time.
The comfort of a laugh. Many different kinds of comfort can come from a laugh. My story is the comfort of love. @CAPS6 i was a young and foolish teen. (@CAPS1 wait that's what i would still be today.) A few days ago my friend @CAPS2 had me laughing so hard, and all because @CAPS5 slipped up while meeting my mother. (@CAPS2 was nerves to meet my mother.) For some reason @CAPS6 i started to laugh @CAPS5 suddenly began to act as if every thing was fine, and that there was nothing to be nerves about. @CAPS7 latter @CAPS6 we went for our walk i asked him about it. I simply said "@CAPS4 did your mood change @CAPS6 i began to laugh?" @CAPS5 smiled and replied "@CAPS6 you laugh i feel calm and know that i am going to be alright." @CAPS7 myself being a typical teen girl i blushed, @CAPS7 quickly changed topics, while trying not to make eye contact.
The benefits of laughter we all understand the benefits of laughter that it is the shortest distance between two people and that many people @CAPS1 we are going to specifically tell you how laughter work in a brotherhood that has alots of good times because of laughter.Well i know for fact that me and my brother have the best time when we are laughingand jokeing around.It seem to that laughter makes us have the best relatioship that brothers can have and we have lots of fun. The next thing we are going to talk about is the power of laughter in a family and in a boy and girlfriend relatioship.The way think it works in a family relatioship is that familys get together and thay talk about the past and laugh about the things thay did when thay were kids.see the power of laughter make familys come alot closer togther.In a relatioship like a boy and girlfriend well here is how i see it.If the boy can't make the girl laugh then the boy should never talk to girl.I know girls thay like to laugh and have a good time with therefriends and there man .So men how to mak a girl laugh so that you can have some fun to and to show that you are not scared to talk to girls ok .
Laughter is a sign of good relationships. To some people it's a sign of personality, sign of love and also a sign showing someone that you care. To me laughter is what makes people so unique. Everybody has a different kind of laugh. For example, when you are a baby @CAPS2 laugh is high pitched. The older you get the lower @CAPS2 laugh becomes, "like @ORGANIZATION1 @ORGANIZATION1". If it was not for his laugh would not be who he is. When I was a child I remember trying to laugh like just like @ORGANIZATION1 did. I would be walking around the house trying to get my laugh really @CAPS1. My family though it was the best thing ever. They would ask me to laugh like @ORGANIZATION1 @ORGANIZATION1 so they can get a laugh also. Now today my laugh is what I wanted it to be, "@CAPS1". It is hard for me to laugh quietly now.
In my storie I am going to tell you about a funny time in my life where me, and my brother liked to pull pranks on my aunt. @CAPS1 first paragraph is about the first prank that we pulled on my aunt. when i was about six and my brother was four and my aunt had just bought a beautiful purple suade couch, she loved @CAPS1 couch, and me and my brother at the time thought that my aunt had loved @CAPS1 couch more then she loved us. So me and my little brother took two jugs of chocolate syrup, and poor them all over my aunts brand new three thousand dollar couch. The second prank was just myself, and one day i was playing video games and my aunt was getting ready for work. I was getting very frustrated with the game and i threw my controller down, man my aunt ran over and pop me in the back of my head so fast,and she told me to be a good sport and try it again.
Being with family and friends during a memorable trip always seems to spark a smile. There are always times to look back on; whether they are fond memories, or thoughts of nostalgia. I was about to graduate, and my parents had just broke the news to me that we were going on a trip to @LOCATION1 after the year was finished. We had the date set; @DATE1, right after school was over. The first reaction out of my mouth was filled with entreatment, wishing for my best friend to join us on this trip. My parents took the time and thoughtfully considered all the advantages and disadvantages, and rapidly responded in the affirmative. I was thrilled to know that the memories I was about to create with my closest family members were now to include my best friend. First thing was first, I had to get down to business. I needed to call my friend, @PERSON1, and ask her if she'd like to come along.
Emotions are an essential part of life. Some emotions bring tears and laughter, which alone are two powerful and essential things to life. There was a time not too long ago that I was able to turn a girl's tears to laughter and made her day a little better.It all starts with the craze of today's teenage world, "@CAPS1". Which to those who don't know, it is a website where teens spend quite a lot of time on, and people can comunicate through this website. I log in and see that this girl I like is also signed in, so I start talking to her. The normal teenage conversation of, "@CAPS2, whats up?" that sort of thing happens, and then she asks if I am able to hang out. Now, tell me if I'm wrong, but most guys would go hang out if its a girl they like. I went to meet up with her at the library and as always, she was beautiful, even though I doubt she was trying.
The Element of @CAPS1 and Laughter Laughter is an important element that a person could ever have when they are in a joyful or happy mood. Laughing is a good part in a persons life; it shows other people when you appreciate something that they did that put you in a good enough mood to share a laugh. Some people react in different ways when it comes to laughter because of their emotions; other people laugh to hilarious jokes and other types of people laugh at peoples accidents while others don't. Emotions are a big deal in a persons life. Some emotions are joy, sorrow, jealousy, fear or anger. Being happy makes people want to laugh at something. Sometimes when people laugh too much, they will actually start crying from it. People like other people @CAPS4 are in a happy or joyful mood, because then they can receive those good feelings as well; therefore, it makes other people happy to get more people to be in a positive attitude as well.
Laughter Laughter can make a situation less uncomfortable, bring two people together or just show your having a good time. In my experiences laughter comes at the best of times. On a typical @ORGANIZATION1 day at @ORGANIZATION1 I was sitting with my friends at lunch time just hanging out talking about whats going on in our lives, when I notice a girl sitting all alone. I don't recognize her, she must be a new student. I ask around to see if anyone knows anything about her; no one knows. Looking back at the girl she looks very lonely and in need of a friend. Curious to meet someone new I walk over to her and make conversation after a little while we relax and start to talk about our interests. I remember her saying something funny and I started to laugh, she begins to laugh at my laugh being as its almost hysterical sounding and everyone thinks it sounds ridiculous.
There was this time during @CAPS1 vacation, and their was a lot of snow o n the ground. My cousin @CAPS2, brother @CAPS3 and I were all getting together and going to go out to my grandparents. My brother @CAPS3 lives in @LOCATION2 and my cousin @CAPS2, and I live here in @LOCATION1. So it wasn't that hard trying to get us cousins all together. We were all getting together to go out to my grandparents and go snowmobiling together and stay the night out their for a couple of nights. When all got together, and were starting to go out there it was getting to late to go snowmobiling. We were all very kind of sad but it was okay. We just watched movies off direct @LOCATION3, and waited for the morning to come. Once morning came of course it was way to cold to go out right when we woke up.
We were heading to our first ski race. On either side of me, my friends @CAPS1 and @PERSON1 sat, crammed together in our team van. Our packed bags and ski gear filled the vehicle to the top, along with six other kids, occupying all of the other empty spaces. Our uncomfortable seating arrangements didn't seem to ruin our fun, within five minutes of our road trip, the van exploded with laughter, as @PERSON1, most likely a future comedian started off cracking jokes, just being himself as usual. Within those first five minutes of our drive, I could already tell that this was going to be a ski trip I would always remember. The van rolled up to the hotel parking lot. My ski team would be lodging here for the long weekend. The sky had turned black with the @TIME1, and me along with everyone else trudged along with weary eyes, exhausted from the long drive.
The @CAPS1 of Laughter Laughter seems to be almost the basis of ones relationship with friends, with no laughter, there is no spark of interest of wanting to be someones friend. When I think of laughter, I think of the times when I go to @ORGANIZATION1. Even @CAPS2 I have had the most horrible day, I know that the girls I play with on that team, who are like a second family to me, can always cheer me up by the things they say or do. The underlying relationship between a @ORGANIZATION1 team becomes unknown to the outside; no one really knows how much we laugh together, or how much frustration builds up between us. Frustration @MONTH1 get the best of us sometimes but I can think of a lot more memories where I was laying on the turf field laughing because a dumb decision of a player, turns into on of the funniest things I've ever seen.
Laughter is a daily part of my life. I'm always laughing in school or at home. With laughter you can show many emotions that can't be told with words. To me, it's also a way of showing how fortunate your life is. I've had numerous occasions where laughter was the solution to my problem. I also agree that laughter is an important part of a relationship. In then next paragraphs, I am going to talk about how laughter affects my relationship and the benefits it brings to it as well. Approximately three months ago my family and I decided to take a trip to @LOCATION2. We planned to stay there for a month or so. When I told my boyfriend that I'd be gone for a month, right away I saw the sadness in his eyes. This truly killed me however, our decision was made and there was no turning back.
A couple of months ago i was hanging out with my freind @CAPS1. It was a @DATE1 and i came to her to spend the @TIME1.At first we were extreamly bored so we went on a walk to go find something to do.We found our friend dylan at the skatepark and we stopped to talk to him for a while. After we had hung out there for about two hours we headed back up to her house.When we opened the door her sister started freaking out because we left so she got stucked with there younger brother @PERSON1. @CAPS1 didn't yell back, she didn't want the drama. Her sister got even more mad because jesssika was not showing a reaction to what her sister was doing. By ten minutes she exploded and started throwing herself around and freaking out. Me and @CAPS1 looked at each other and stated laughing really reallyhard because how funny her sister looked.
Living, @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS3 Laughter @CAPS4 to this @DATE1 I don't remember exactly why I was laughing. All I can remember, vividly, in my mind is the look on my grandfathers face. He had on the same smile he always wore during times of joy. It was a wide warm grin he would shine your way every so often. As I laughed uncontrollably that @DATE1, so many years ago, he shined his happiness @CAPS1 love down on me for so long that I will never forget a single wrinkle in his grin. My @CAPS16, who we all called @CAPS5, had a way of keeping the peace @CAPS1 happiness in everything. No matter how bad things were within our family, he would always make things right. No one could get angry @CAPS3 @CAPS5, @CAPS1 no one could stay sad when he smiled. That's just the kind of guy he was. @CAPS5 was a big part of our family gatherings, just like the one we had on my @DATE1 @DATE1 @CAPS3 @CAPS5.
Some people say that laughter is good for the soul, and that could be true, but the soul is definitely not the only thing. Laughing is great for your heart and mind too. It can improve relationships, make friendships grow stronger, and even start @CAPS5 make two people who don't know anything about each other, extremely close. You can meet someone new or be with someone you barely know, and just because they make you laugh you feel like you want @CAPS5 get @CAPS5 know them better. I love that feeling. Honestly, you can laugh with any age or gender. You don't both have @CAPS5 be @NUM1 and female, you could be with a little boy, an elderly lady, or anywhere in between and still have a lot of fun. Last @DATE1 I never had anything @CAPS5 do, so I decided I should start volunteering places. The two places I could volunteer at were: a daycare next @CAPS5 my house, or an old folks home about @NUM2 miles away.
Looking back on my early childhood, one thing that stands out bright and shiny in my memory is laughter. Since birth, I have always loved to smile and laugh. I've found a kind of comfort, peace, and confidence through laughter alone, which I doubt I would have been able to find somewhere else naturally. This could, in part, be because of my @CAPS1. We rarely get to see each other because he lives in @LOCATION2 and I live in @LOCATION3, but when we do have the luxury of spending time together, it is always full of laughter, and full of joy. I credit him for giving my my love for laughter. I've been told by my parents that as a baby all my @CAPS1 had to do was laugh, and my eyes brightened and a smile became apparent as wide as the @LOCATION1 on my face. It's been that way ever since.
Laughter is such a marvelous element to have in any relationship. For instance if you can't find any form of humor in a relationship than I'm pretty sure there is no strong connection between the two of you. For example I was in a relationship once where we didn't have that element of humor, and I truthfully did not enjoy that relationship that her and I had. Any type of relationship needs laughter rather its friendships, boyfriend or girlfriends, and even family. All different types of relationships need some form of humor to survive. Sometimes families don't have that humor for each other but they'll still have that special type of a friendship, the reason for that I believe is because your family will always be there for you unlike most friends would. One way I know this because one of my friends really liked a guy, I could have sworn she @MONTH1 have even loved him, when he told her that he started dating some girl, she had cried for weeks, than when she was at her moms house one of her brothers she believed hated her said he wants to hurt the guy that had made his younger sister cry.
Laughter is key. You never really think about laughter in importance, but the truth is, laughing brings the most opposite people together. Last year, I met one of my brothers friends in school. We never really talked but she seemed nice. We had a class together and we started talking more and more everyday and she was best friends with my best friend. @PERSON1 was her name and she drove a bright orange @ORGANIZATION1. We hung out after school one day and I leaned the passenger seat all the way back and was sitting on it like a dog and she slammed on the brakes and I flew into the front of the vehicle and I couldn't stop laughing. At that moment I knew we were going to be friends. I was a freshman so I didn't really know anyone and she was always nice to everyone so we started hanging out more.
A few years ago, when I was @NUM1, I decided to do an experiment on laughing and the color of the clothes people wear. I realized that I laughed a lot and I was almost always happy because of @CAPS11, I did really @CAPS1 in school, and I also had a very 'up' attitude. @CAPS6 clothes were all very bright and 'happy' colors. I had a theory that the less someone laughed, and the darker colored clothes they wore, would make their mood and attitude would dip. The experiment would last one week, and in that time I would try @CAPS7 to laugh and gradually start wearing darker and darker clothes until I got to black, to see how I would be affected, if affected at all. To get started, I had to first tell everyone what I was doing and ask them to try @CAPS7 to make me laugh on purpose.
Laughing, laughter.It's every where. Lots of people are laughing right now.Why not laugh though? It's good for you right? It feels good to laugh here an their. Well laughter can make your day great. It can help you get through hard times. It can help you cheer up your best friend to be happy. Well it really don't matter what the reason is, but its good to laugh. Laughing is great for you an it brings fun, joy, an helps you enjoy little more. My mom and I have a great relationship. Every time we are together, or we start talking we will laugh an crack each other up. Laughing has helped us get to having a great relationship were we can tell each other anything. I can go to her any time an ask her for help. I can go an talk to her any time I need to now.
Laughter is just one of those things that doesn't go away very easy. The simplest things can make you laugh or smile the point is happiness is going to be around for a while. My dad laughs, my mom laughs I laugh everybody laughs its a good thing to have. If there was nothing on what to be happy on then people would be in fights and country's in wars. Anger is not something someone wants to deal with all the time; you have to relax every now and then. My parents and I know that happiness is what drives us to good things. That's why we embrace it in our house we like to acknowledge it to my younger siblings. My dad and me have a good relationship as well with my mom we get along well and laugh together. Me and my girlfriend @LOCATION1; we started out in a good relationship but as time went on it was starting to fade.
A few years back me and my dad were siting at home watching @CAPS1. My little sister and her friend @PERSON1 were running in and out of our apartment. Every time they came inside they repeatedly didn't shut the sliding glass door, finally my sister shut the door but her friend @PERSON1 didn't know, he was running so fast and before he knew it he was going fast first into a sliding glass door! My dad and I were laughing so hard i almost peed myself. After we finally stopped laughing and went to go check on him and he looked really confused about what just happened. We looked at the door and without a doubt it had a slobber mark going up the door as if his face was slid across it. Meanwhile after more laughs and fun things calmed down and we went back to watching @CAPS1. My dad fell asleep and his cat was laying next to him, my dad kind of woke up and looked around after a few minutes he started watching @CAPS1 again.
A @ORGANIZATION1 is a wondrous gift. It allows your mind and your body to conjoin with others. It is the root of happiness, and brings a sense of sanity to those who have lost hope. When you feel alone in the world with no one at your side, laughter will be there to accompany you. At one point in my life I felt confused and by myself. I was empty. Solitude was the only thing I could have, and the only feeling my mind would register. Just when I had thought that I @MONTH1 be the only person in the whole world, something had come to save me. I was six years old when they got divorced. I couldn't stand to hear my parents fight. One day we were the perfect family. We would play board games and go to the movies together. Something had changed very quickly. My @CAPS1 grabbed his jacket, told me he loved me and then he was gone.
Laughter is the best medicine Many people say laughter is the best medicine. I for one, agree. The reason why is that in many points of @CAPS27 life, laughter has helped me, or others, feel a whole lot better. @CAPS27 mother recently got surgery on her shoulder. @CAPS4 had medicine @CAPS2 all @CAPS34 I think the best @CAPS4 took was three nights ago when I was with her in her room...Doing a word-search. It was @DATE1 @TIME1. Every @DATE1 @CAPS27 step dad's kids come over for dinner. @CAPS27 mom wasn't really feeling well so @CAPS4 went upstairs @CAPS2 started on her big book of word-searches. @CAPS27 step-sister had recently gotten a new car so @CAPS4 @CAPS2 @CAPS27 step-dad were outside looking at it. I went out for @CAPS19 two minutes then came back inside. @CAPS27 step-brother was on @CAPS27 step-dad's iPad. He showed me this game on @CAPS22 @CAPS2 we started playing.
The @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS3!!! This @CAPS2 started out like any other @CAPS2. Me waking up thinking what am I going to do. So I walk out of my room, ask my mom if we have any plans. She says that we don't have any plans. So after I talked to her some more. I went back into my room and there I saw that I had gotten a text message from my @CAPS1 friend @PERSON3. He asked if I wanted hang out with him. I decided of course I can because I had no family plans. "I would love to hang out with you @PERSON3". @PERSON3 and I met at the @NUM1 bus stop on royal and we went to @ORGANIZATION2. See now the reason why we went to @ORGANIZATION2 was because the @CAPS2 before I had gotten a gift card from my grandmother and fifty dollars from @CAPS4 (@CAPS4 is my biological father).
one day after school my friend @CAPS1,@CAPS2 and @CAPS3 went to house and said get clothes on that i can get dirty in and i said no but then i said ok fine and then @CAPS1 said put rubber boats on and we all started to walk to a park and we went on the trian tracks and when you get of of the trian tracks we walked down this really step hill and i slied down on my but they where all laughing at me on the top of the hill then they came doen but they did not fall . so we keep walking and we crosedd a log to get to the other side and we keep walking then they took me to a mud putle and they told me it was deep so i walked in it and i got stuck in the mud because it went past my boats and im trying to get out but i lean to far forward and fall in the mud and @CAPS1,@CAPS2 @CAPS3 thinks it was so fuuny they a laughed at me and the boats are still stuck in the mud im on a log so i ask @CAPS2 to go get my boots so she trys and she falls in i start laughing at her but then i come in and we both try to get my boots out but it was to hard so i put them back on in the mud so im still sttuck and cant get out but @CAPS1 comes and helps i get one boot out then the other one then @CAPS1 gets stuck and me and @CAPS2 run back in and we all started to puch each other every one was falling and laughing at each other but magan was up in a tree watching she did not wanna get dirty so then after that we got all of our jactkats and we started to walk home then we got to the step hill i fell doen so i run up the hill and dont sliped back done then @CAPS1 @CAPS3 @CAPS2 they are trying to walk back up it it was so funny watching them climp up the hill so we all made it up after a while and we walk home on the trian tracks and every one is looking at us because we are all mudde besides @CAPS3 so we keep walking then we get to austins house and we get his hose out and he spares him self to get the dirt off of him while he was doing that me and @CAPS2 where taliking then she told me to put a hand print on her face so i did then she told me now she gets to do it and i said hahaha your funny so then i ran away from her but she got me then we both got rrinsed off then went up to my house
Human beings are...unusual...Okay, we're weird. There are so many people in the world, including ourselves, and the only way we can like ourselves is if we can get others to like us; if that isn't strange enough, we still don't like ourselves no matter who likes us. Just what are we thinking? We are always using relationships to assist our understanding of who we are; it's a gamble to even have those relationships. Face the facts, we risk so much on relying on others; we give them the ability to build us...or break us. Our major goals as youngsters is to find people to like us. I think it might even span to later times in life than that! From my experiences I know there are two key points in knowing a person can build us: trust and kindness. Finding builders with these traits is as easy as understanding if they bring you joy or not.
The @CAPS1 of Laughter @CAPS2 would we be without laughter? Would we still have relationships/friendships like we do @CAPS5? Laughter brings out a sense of @CAPS1 closer to someone, a sense of humor, a friendship, and a positive environment. Personally, I feel as if the world would be a miserable place to be without laughter. I can assure @CAPS17 life would not be the same as it is @CAPS5. Without laughter, @CAPS17 @DATE1 vacation would not have been anything like it was. Over @DATE1 vacation @CAPS17 friends and I made it our mission to embarrass @PERSON1 (@PERSON5). This however, was not as easy as it @MONTH1 sound, seeing as how nothing could ever bring her down. We tried out hardest to embarrass her, but nothing was working. We tried throwing her into a pool while her crush was around, dumping our drinks all over her just as a group of cute boys walked by, calling her names that only a grandmother would call a child.
During the @CAPS1 break my family went to @LOCATION4 except for my older brother. We were head to @LOCATION1, @LOCATION4. The ride there was long but we made it. When I woke up at my grandparents house there was already snow! I was very excited. They got about six to eight inches of snow. We rested before we went out to enjoy the snow. Later while I was outside I got a visit from old friends of mine. I hadn't seen them since @DATE1. We talked and hung out. They told me that I was lucky to get out of school early for @CAPS1 break. They still had to got to school. I told them that if they're lucky then they would have to go to school for only half of the week. And they did get lucky. @DATE3 they went to school and the rest of the week they got off because the roads were icy.
"Laughter" @CAPS1 people @MONTH1 actually believe that only money can buy happiness, but happiness comes from the great things in life, and the greatest thing we have is laughter. Not only does it show kindness, happiness, and freedom, it makes others and yourself feel good. Laughter is one of the best feeling we can have, although it can hurt if its too much. It can teach others a way to express themselves, and forget about the bad in life. Anyone can laugh, and anyone can make others laugh. Without laughter, life would be such a bore. But you never want to push laughter, because even laughter has a limit. There is different ways to bring laughter in someones life, and there is different ways of being funny. There is good ways of being funny and bad ways. A bad way is being the class clown, it becomes annoying, rude, and it can get you on your teachers bad side.
A while back, I had a friend named @PERSON4. We were best friends; like two peas in a pod. We would hang out everyday, all day @DATE1. One random day we walked up to our other friend @PERSON1's house to see if she could hang out. We all were hanging out all day when @PERSON1 came up with an idea. She wanted both me and @PERSON2 to stay the @TIME1.We stayed out a little past dark and just walked around @CAPS1. We stopped at @LOCATION1's house so she could get her clothes then left to go back to @ORGANIZATION1. On our way there, we stopped, again, at @LOCATION2's house and chilled for a while. We were there for @CAPS9 @NUM1 minutes just laughing @CAPS9 all the crazy stuff that has happened over @DATE1 already! When we were finally giving hugs to go to @CAPS2's, @CAPS3, @LOCATION2's older brother, smacked @PERSON1 on her butt and told her it was nice.
DUE you think that being part of sameting funing? well sam times is not breey fun .becaes you are in adefokil stoeshl. i think that being in a reationship is evre in porto to trass the othre prsad. becaes if ther in no thast the is no relshonsip. the other pepolp @MONTH1 tray to kip then opert. ther or same peopl that you can tust. ther are going tho halolp you.they will tall you wat the other peolepa are saind obut you and the other per.the peorson will on my oping is the you can get allong whe alt of peopl. If you new lates of people you can get along with them. i haved a good frand and that trust me. trust is a good thik if you dont have aing trust you are noting.and same time is good to in a ship.you feel happy we same wone is with you.you tell the person evrting.
Everyone laughs differently , some people laugh so hard that they cry, and some don't. But one thing that they have in common is laughter. People use laughter as a way to express their feelings of joy, or happiness, or even if something is just really funny to them. Laughing is a great way to feel happier about something for instance maybe you are having a bad day and then one of your friends comes up to you and tells you a funny joke. It makes you feel better, right? Having a good sense of humor is something that can help you get through tough situations, embarrassing things, or even like I said just a bad day. Being able to laugh at yourself and even something that you might have done that was embarrassing is a good thing, it can help you get over it and not be so embarrassed about it.
Laughter can be used for many things. One of which can be the important part of a relationship. There are many key parts in a relationship. But, the most important one is definitely the part of "laughter being the shortest distance between two people." @CAPS1 laughter can cure the emotion of being sad. @CAPS1 it doesn't cure it. If laughter is the shortest distance between two people then if a guy or girl meets someone they like. For instance, I have went up to a girl before and couldn't figure out anything to do or say. So, I just tried my best to make her laugh. It @MONTH1 have taken a few days of trying really hard to do so. But, in the the end, i was more comfortable asking her out and feeling more comfortable around her and her friends. @CAPS3 I can make her laugh I always feel better about myself because it is never a good thing to see her in a bad mood.
Each person filed in, one after the other, making a human train. The metallic red bell chimed once as each person pushed the door slightly more open. Walking in, I was enveloped by the smell of @CAPS1 food and conversations that hummed in my ears. I took a few steps forward and stopped, not knowing where to go. To the right was a wall covered in @CAPS1 @CAPS3 @CAPS4 symbols and meanings, while to the left were hundreds of tables already filled. Not knowing where to take my place, I turned to my mom. I so badly wanted to plop myself down at one of the adult tables, even if it meant I had to sit there silently. With moms knowing what's best, she shoved me towards the back of the restaurant, telling me to go sit with my cousins. I did as she told me, like always, but made my reluctance clear.
People say laughter is the shortest distance between two people. A @ORGANIZATION1 I saw @CAPS6 to be true was when I met a girl named @PERSON1. Three years ago I was at a city @CAPS10 swinging, wondering if it would hurt if I jumped. I took @CAPS15 chances and let go of the swing chains, flying through the air , noticing the unbalanced feeling of falling in @CAPS15 chest, everything slowing down, the temptation of what will happen when I hit the ground was vast. Sticking the landing was a fail and getting up from it wasn't much of a success either, until I felt hands upon @CAPS15 shoulder and arm. I looked up at @CAPS15 helper and saw a girl. Not @CAPS5 a girl but a gorgeous girl. A girl with green dazzling eyes that can stop an angry rhino charging toward her, hair the flowed with the wind, soft, gentle skin that would make you think that @CAPS11 could be hurt for how soft it was."@CAPS1." Was all I could squeeze out."@CAPS1, are you okay?" @CAPS3 asked with a very concerned tone."@CAPS4 I'm fine, @CAPS5 forgot to stick the landing.
When a day is qualified as perfect there are a lot of things that go into making it so. Most perfect days in people's teenage years are in the @DATE3 beyond the stress of school. My perfect day wasn't in the @DATE3, nor was it on a crazy @DATE4 break in @LOCATION2. My perfect day was on a @DATE2 in the middle of @MONTH1 in @DATE1. It was on this perfect day that my friendship with @ORGANIZATION1 was founded. A friendship that is now the best one of all. A friendship that is based on fun times, memories, story telling, and laughter. By @DATE1 I had spent multiple weekends with @ORGANIZATION1. However none were as hot as that weekend in late @DATE4. We decided we needed to cool off and with that said, we set off for @CAPS1. Down the road we went with two redneck boys and a mutt in the truck bed.
Moving around from place to place was always hard, I hated the thought of never seeing any friends or family. Never was the only word I could hold on to, there was no point in hope it was a futile feeling. I knew I would dearly miss @LOCATION1, and @ORGANIZATION1 just sounded so far; a twelve hour drive seemed like the edge of the earth to me. I visited @ORGANIZATION1 before, it was boring to tell the truth, and on top of that looking for a new house would bore me furthermore, all I could think about was @LOCATION1. Now I was moving there! When I first heard about the move I was infuriated and tried to fight against this poor decision, I was sure that my parents were making a mistake. As hard as I fought I could not win, my tears coulden't move my parents in the slightest way even In my greatest efforts, I was broken and confined to the moving van for twelve hours but to me it felt like forever.
Laughter at its @CAPS1 Laughter is one ability that everyone in the world has. Not only does it help you make more friends, but it can also turn your day all the way around. The capability to laugh is a huge importance in this world. Without laughter, days would be dull, sad, and somewhat depressing. When I see someone laugh, it brightens my day, makes me smile, and causes me to laugh along with them. By laughing we become happier, learn more about others, and make our bad days better. I have experienced, first hand, the joys laughing can bring after I have had a bad moment, and that is why I believe that laughter is extremely important to have and to keep in your life. Not everyone can have a great day all the time. Bad days occur, and when they do, seeing one funny incident and laughing about it is what can turn the whole day around and make it great.
It was @DATE1 seventh and I had invited my two best friends, @PERSON1 and @PERSON2, to go to my boyfriend's football game with me. It would be the first time for them to meet him since he went to a different high school than we did. Our plan was to get off the bus at my house and then my @CAPS3 would take us to his game later. When we arrived at the end of the lane we started walking up to my house. Then all of the sudden "ahhhhhh, @CAPS1 my god!" @PERSON2 and I were both screaming at the top of our lungs, "@CAPS2 a... ahhhh!". @PERSON2 and I had almost stepped on a dead snake that was laying in the lane. While this was going on @PERSON1 had no idea what the problem was or why we were screaming. We looked back at her and saw a completely puzzled look on her face which we found absolutely hilarious so we burst out laughing.
Outdoor @CAPS1 In sixth grade I went to outdoor @CAPS1 I got up really early and went to @CAPS1 where the bus is taking students to outdoor @CAPS1. First, of all I board on the way to outdoor @CAPS1. Then they told us in which cabin we were suppose to be I had seven cabin members including myself. I brought my electronic device but the teachers told us that we couldn't bring no devices to the trip. The next day we did some activities first we ate lunch before doing any activities. The foods that we ate were pizza, pizza pockets, and hot dogs then the activities that we did were catch some fishes and put them back to the water we were just examine them the other activities that we did was hike the mountains on the way we saw deers they were eating grass I got really tired then when we came back we were getting ready to go home.
The @CAPS1 of @CAPS2 is one of the most important things in life. When im with my family, we all have such a great time together that we laugh all the time at things or memories we say we remember. While we are all gathered around the table whether it is breakfast, lunch, or dinner we always have something fun to say and laugh about all the time. To begin with, during breakfast @DATE2 @TIME1, we were all having a great time eating first thing in the @TIME1, but suddenly when my sister remembers about what had happened the day before at her job, she just had to talk about it because she wanted us to know what happened so we can also laugh with her about it. She had said that there was a banana lying on the floor, when her manager went by she didn't see it and slipped right through the hall.
I was raised with two brother that mean the world to me until my baby sister was welcome to the world in the year @DATE1 I am the second baby of seven kid's most of my family member has passed over to the other world where I know they will be better. Now I've been in locked up since I twelve in a half year's old it's been a long four year's being away from family and not being at the funerals that I have missed I can never cry at a funerals the only one I have cried for will just have to be my mother's passed over in the year @DATE2 I can never forget that women that has bring me and the others to this world before she passed way she didn't want me,my brother's, and my baby sister to get separate from each other but that didn't happen my brother's got put with my my grandpa and me and my baby sis got send with our grandma I haven't felt the same way I can't watch my little sis grow up see my brother's have their first kid and most of all see my new nieces and nephew's get welcome to this world even watch them grow up in the same world I'm in.
Laughing is the key of happiness. Is a moment that is remember by many people. You share many laughs with friends, family and sometimes strangers. When you laugh with someone it shows that you have something in common; you both think something is funny and it could build a strong relationship. For me laughing means a lot, i laugh everyday. I will not forget the time when i was really mad at my dad and then laughter fixed the problem. One night me and my dad were in my house in the kitchen and he was arguing with me about my grades. I told him I could still fix them that there was a solution. He was calling me a liar, and more anger kept on building up. He was so hard headed and I couldn't get through his thoughts. He was saying that i could not fixed what i have done: whats done is done.
@CAPS8 families @DATE1 in @LOCATION1 was one of exploration, but also one in which we came to regret our move from @LOCATION3 a little. We missed our friends, our connections, but also places. The place @CAPS8 brother and I came to miss second only to our farm was a @CAPS3 we had dubbed "The @CAPS1, @CAPS1 @CAPS3." The place itself was a dump. Close to a dairy farm, it reeked of cow pats mixed with cigarettes. I remember that the grass was perpetually dry, and the bridge crossing the @CAPS3 was continually squeaking; it was an old, covered bridge, and on its last leg. So, it wasn't so much the place we missed, but the happy memories associated with our special place. On one particularly mopey day, our father roused us from our rooms, saying that we were going to explore a new @CAPS3. We knew about @CAPS4's adventures; we called them "@CAPS4-ventures" because they were truly one of a kind.
Falling in love, @CAPS3 @CAPS1 The falling part was easy, I remember the minute I fell in love with you. Everything about you shined, everything about you sparkled. You were infinitely beautiful in my eyes. We had the most fun that human beings were capable of. Every time we were together there was no thought in my mind that we were not happy together, no worry that you would ever leave. I never wanted to imagine life without you. As a child i had always had the title of the kid who smiles all the time, @CAPS4 when i thought of you i got this glow. Everybody saw it. they would ask, "@CAPS2 have you been doing? Your so happy, I've never seen you like this before." That, @CAPS2 they saw in me was the power of love. @CAPS4 something they did not see was @CAPS2 we had together. When it was just me @CAPS3 you @CAPS3 one of us would do something @CAPS3 neither of us could stop the laughter.
Laughter is an important part of any relationship, whether the person is a relative, friend, or someone you are dating. Laughter makes you forget your worries and problems. But with a friendship based on laughter, when do you trade in the giggles for seriousness? I believe laughter is vital in a friendship. But to have a strong, healthy, relationship you also need a level of seriousness. This is the story of how I learned to balance laughter and seriousness in one of my most important relationships. Olivia has been my best friend as long as I could remember, hanging out we laughed constantly. Laughter has always been a huge part of our friendship and always will be. But going into middle school we faced drama, boys and arguments, which we never experienced with one another. All of these small but important things to us then added up and began to make us drift apart.
Laughter is an important element in a relationship. It shows the chemistry in a couple, and it shows happiness within family and friends. How depressing would it be if the world had no laughter? It would be like the "@CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS3 @CAPS4". The joyous sound of laughter that bonds relationships allows you to get to know someone better and show them you have a warm heart. Ideally, when a person has a warm heart, your conscience tells you, you can trust them. The talent to laugh is a good element to have when you are meeting someone new, and spending time with your family. Last @DATE1, my youth group and I went on a missions trip to @ORGANIZATION1, @LOCATION1. We would be reaching out to many new children as we held a @ORGANIZATION2 for a week in the small @CAPS5 town. We picked up the children from their houses and drove them to the @ORGANIZATION1 to play games and sing songs.
Laughter is a part of life. It can help bring people together or even tear them apart if it is in bad taste. There was a time when me and my cousin @PERSON1 did not really like each other but I had to stay at his house because my mom was out of town. After that night we were closer then brothers and there is one huge funny tale behind it. I was really reluctant to even go over there that night. But my mom told me to stop complaining and to just try to have fun. When I got there we pretty much just watched @LOCATION1 in awkward silence. Then his parents informed us that they were going out and that they would not be home until it was very late. About ten minutes after they left my cousin @PERSON1 turns to me and says "you want to do something really fun." @CAPS1 I was at the young age of thirteen years old a could not help but to be interested.
Laughter is an amazing thing. Laughter is bilingual. It does not need to be translated or looked up in a dictionary. It is the one form of communication that we all know and understand. Laughter has @CAPS9 boundary. @CAPS5 was the most taciturn girl in the whole school. In the mornings and during lunch, @CAPS5 would hide in the shadows hoping not to be seen by the world. @CAPS4 @CAPS10 asked @CAPS8 what @CAPS5 wanted to be, @CAPS5 would say invisible. People passed @CAPS8 by without even a glance, thinking @CAPS4 I don't see @CAPS8 than @CAPS5 can't be there. My heart was sad for the poor girl because I knew @CAPS5 needed a friend. Someone that @CAPS5 could talk to, or atleast get a smile from. However, how would I approach @CAPS8? Would @CAPS5 think that I was insane? I knew there had to be someway to get @CAPS8 to talk, or atleast smile.
"Laughter is the shortest distance between two people," @CAPS3 quote can be agreed by everyone on @LOCATION1. Everyone loves to laugh and have a good time. Especially @CAPS1 with a person you care about. @CAPS1 is something you and another person can do together with ease. @CAPS3 brings two people closer together and brightens a person's life. Some people, like me, are always looking for a guy who knows how to make me smile and laugh. I need to know that arguing isn't going to be the main part of @CAPS3 relationship. Having someone who makes you laugh is a key factor in life. At the age of sixteen I had my first boyfriend. I was the girl who kept on rejecting guys and telling them I was trying to wait for that perfect guy. In the @DATE2 I met @ORGANIZATION2. Even though he was older than me and we might be opposites, he always knows how to make me smile.
My mom always say laughter is the greatist medican and it is true for me anyways. When ever I got sick or hurt I will allways laugh at a great joke and it made me feel a little better when ever my family go on a long trip we always made jokes and tease each other soon the trip dont seem that long at all. it's very short and you wish that it could of been longer. One night me and my family was going home from the store and my brother asked "what are we having for dinner tonight" "hambugers" she told us my brother kind of freaked out becouse we dont got @ORGANIZATION1's and my mom said all well and my dad then was in a smal store called @CAPS1 hopped in the car and started to drive home. "I feel like having mexican food tonight can we eat at @ORGANIZATION2's tonight" my mom asked "no I thought we were having hambugers tonight" he answered "We have no @ORGANIZATION1's" my mom laughed.
My cousin @PERSON1 and I are constantly sick with laughter, he is the funniest person I know. He is hilarious when he isn't trying to be. I believe that is why he is so @NUM1king funny. @PERSON1 is a hardcore alcoholic, he is always drunk or drinking. On the rare occasion that he is doing neither of those two options, he is the dullest, most depressed, angry unfunny man around. Give him a drink or two and watch him turn into funtime @CAPS1. @PERSON1 and I have great grand wonderous times when there is an alcoholic beverage in or near his hands. @CAPS5 is sort of an awe inspiring thing to see this transformation take place. He starts as this sad, depressed, sober caged sociopath lion at the zoo with so many of society's judgemental, sour souled, pittiful excuses for men and women pointing, laughing and sobbing over this poor lion.
One day my friends and I went to a friends house and we started playing @CAPS1 box we were laughing having an awesome time. My friend @CAPS2 started telling jokes and all my friends started laughing hysterically. My friend @CAPS3 was drinking milk at that time and @CAPS5 laughed so hard that milk started coming out of his nose, that was also funny but gross at the same time. @CAPS6 was the sad one of the whole group that was there, we all asked him, @CAPS4 was @CAPS5 so sad @CAPS5 answered that @CAPS5 heard that his girlfriend wanted to break up with him. So @CAPS5 asked us how to keep her interested, and we said that @CAPS5 should tell her some jokes to make her laugh. @CAPS5 said that @CAPS5 would think about it @CAPS6 was a real funny person and a blast to hang out with, so we didn't really worry about it so much, we thought that everything would be fine.
Laughter is an extremely important aspect for maintaining a relationship with someone or even a group of people. Some greatly beneficial uses of laughter include relieving tension in any intense or high pressure situation as well as connecting with other people in a more meaningful way. The implication of laughter is also a great way to create new friends. It is my opinion that healthy relationships whether they be a friendship or even greater, hardly exist without laughter and cannot flourish without it. I personally use laughter on a daily basis for these reasons among many others and it is a monumental element of my relationship with my father's side of the family. One specific example of how I utilize the essential tool of laughter in my family is to reconnect with members whom i have not seen in a long period of time. Laughter is a tremendous element of my relationship with my father's entire family, and small family meetings as well as full family reunions do not exist without it.
LaughterLaughter can change a lot in people,it can bring people together. It can also help with relationships to make the other person laugh is always a good thing. @CAPS2 your with your friends laughter can and will always be there, well i know it is with my friends and I. @CAPS2 your in a relationship or a friendship, @CAPS1 able to laugh with that other person is important because it can make you feel more connected to them,@CAPS2 you have a big group of friends that you just met you can all laugh together that's even better because then you know your getting somewhere. My best friend and I laugh all the time, @CAPS3 can just look at me in a way I only understand and I'll know what @CAPS3 means, and then we both start laughing @CAPS2 we stand in a big group of friends and we start laughing, they all look at us funny.
The @CAPS1 @CAPS2 I was sitting in the living room with @CAPS3 family talking about how every @ORGANIZATION1 we always end up laughing. One @ORGANIZATION1 we were out at @CAPS3 great grandpas house, and we just got done opening our presents, and in the middle of the floor was a @CAPS1 @CAPS2, @CAPS3 cousin @ORGANIZATION2 thought @CAPS3 dad was inside the @CAPS2. At first we tried to convince @ORGANIZATION2 that @CAPS3 dad was out side talking to @CAPS3 uncle. @ORGANIZATION2 didn't believe us, even though @CAPS3 dad was outside talking. @ORGANIZATION2 circled the @CAPS2, and observed the @CAPS2 and was convinced @CAPS3 dad was in it. Then @ORGANIZATION2 started poking the @CAPS2. We were laughing because it was so cute that @ORGANIZATION2 thought @CAPS3 dad was in the @CAPS2. He kept saying "I know he is in there." @ORGANIZATION2 opened the @CAPS2 and @CAPS3 dad was not in there. @CAPS3 dad walked in to the house and asked why we were laughing.
While you being to make any kinda of relationship with anyone, you are usually going to start off making jokes and being silly. Whether your trying to be flirty with them, or just be the funny one and make a good, first impression. Usually all of these things lead to someone laughing; even if they really didn't have a reason to. Anyone who is shy around new people, will most likely laugh about anything they say. If it's someone you already knew, you could always be giggling about something. There are different types of relationships you build with different people and laughter is almost always the number one way to keep it together. When you have been in a strong friendship with someone, you are already very close with each other. The laughing, crying, and fighting you do with that person, will make the relationship stronger. There are times that you spend with another individual that will makes steps towards sticking together.
What's Laughter if not a smile, a small chunk of happiness like a chocolate chip cookie fresh out of the oven, chocolate oozing out of the sides like waterfalls. Laughter can come from a joke, a awkward situation or just about anything. Laughter can be the thing that bonds a friendship. I'm going to tell @CAPS5 a true story surrounding the matter of laughter and how it has been involved in a relationship of my own. It was my first day of high school, I walked in the school looking down at my shoes. I could feel the people around me staring at me but I wasn't sure if I should look back at them and smile or if I should just keep to myself, so I said nothing. I went to the office and I asked them how to find drama class, they give me a map that I had no idea how to read and sent me off.
So many people sing songs and write stories about sad depressing events, like it's the only thing life consists of. We seem to never stop and focus on the little things. If we could stop and appreciate those little things, everyone would realize just how much they really have. In some way or another we all seek pity and for some reason we want to have the worse story. Like it's some sort of competition. I personally don't want to have the worse story. If you just "go with it" things seem more lighthearted, care free, and people would rather be around someone that makes them feel good and happy than someone that makes them feel sad. There is many times where I could have chosen to stay mad and upset, but instead I chose to just laugh, and not make a big deal out of a small mistake. For example, @DATE1 was the @CAPS1 dance.
Many have heard that laughing makes you live longer. I don't know if this is true but I can believe it. When I laugh I feel lighter, my stress load lightens, @PERSON1 I am able to see the world with different eyes. This change in myself is more evident sometimes than others, such as if before the miracle of laughter I was feeling overworked, worn out, or sad. It is my belief that having people to make you laugh is essential to living a fulfilling life, @PERSON1 I am grateful that my days are filled with great friends @PERSON1 funny memories. One of the things that must be present in any relationship is humor; you must be able to make each other laugh. I have had multiple times with my two best friends, @PERSON1, when we simply couldn't stop laughing. I deeply cherish all the time we spend alone together because I know that I will leave feeling happy, with a smile on my face, with many good stories to tell.
The @CAPS1 of Laughter Many people think it is love that brings people together. But love is something that develops over time and brings people closer in the long run. Before you've ever loved someone though, you've laughed with them. Laughter creates conversation, mends relationships, and brings joy to people. Its an important part of any relationship and has certainly helped me make friends. In the kindergarten, everything was new to me. I got to leave my house, go to school, eat lunch, and go to recess. There were many children just like me, bouncing with excitement as our daily routine started. Although we played together at school, at home there was no one around to play with. One day after school, I noticed a boy walking around next to my yard. I walked over and remembered him from that school day in my classroom. "@CAPS2", was all I said. He turned around, and with all his might, burped as loud as he could.
When I was younger my sister and I would fight all the time. It would either be verbally or physically. Whatever we fought about we would drag on for hours. Not only would we get more upset as time went on, but my mom and family members got fed up. It didn't help that there was only @NUM1 months between us. It would make everything ten times more tense. My mom had a few tactics to try to get us to stop. One would be grounding us. But we shared a room so that would only make it worse. Another was giving us chores which took up both our time and was annoying , the last one was making us sit criss cross apple sauce, face eachother, and hold hands. We hated this one. But every time that we did it we would end up cracking up and forgetting what we were even fighting about.
Life is so uncertain, unfair, and unforgiving, but one simple thing can change that view on the cruelty of the world; laughter. In your deepest concern in your darkest thoughts laughter can bring the sun. Laughter is a cure for the sick, a pill for the wounded, and comfort for the old. We give not even the slightest thought to laughing, when in return it gives us joy and happiness. Laughter is the light at the end of the tunnel, a flashlight for the lost, and a lifeline for the hopeless. Laughter truly is the cure for all of humanity. Explaining laughter is like explaining why we breath, we just do, it's a part of living. It's natural for people to laugh, maybe not always appropriate, but it's something we revert back to in necessary times. Laughing makes dreams, hopes, and puts to rest the thoughts of uncertainty. Laughing is a friend, a helper, and an icebreaker to many leaving joy and hope to everyone that it meets.
Laughter? What is laughter? Well laughter is a contagious disease which is passed around by a group of people from one to the other, ( @CAPS1 speaking) and should be included in every persons life while they are growing up. Here is a true story of how laughter played a key part in my life as a kid. My @CAPS5 has five days of laughter as I call them, that we all celebrate through out the year: birthdays, @LOCATION2, the @DATE1 of @DATE1, @CAPS2 , and @CAPS3. On my birthday the whole @CAPS5 gets together at my grandparents house to celebrate the day I was brought into this world. Usually a couple of days before my birthday my mom grants me the authority to invite some of my friends to come over to go see some event or go to the arcade. Then when we get home we all stay up late playing video games and watching movies.
A funny Story Many summers ago, @CAPS1 best friend @PERSON1 and I had a sleepover at @CAPS1 house. We were both excited because @CAPS1 dad would be the only one there. @CAPS1 mom and brother were out late. After eating popcorn and getting stuffed up on candy, we decided to try something new and fun. @CAPS1 house has a counter bar where four to five people can sit at and so @CAPS1 daddy decided to turn on some hip hop music. As though @PERSON1 and I could read each others minds we jumped on the counter and started doing the run way model walk. We worked it like no other. It was funny to see @CAPS1 dad pretending to be the fake photographer and say that's "gorgeous" as though he was a real photographer. @PERSON1 and I strutted up and down and did stops and poses and turns, until we got too dizzy.
In my opinion, I think that laughter is a very important part of life. What would the world be like without laughter and jokes? It would be a very boring and dull place. I can't even imagine what it would be like. The world needs to have laughter in it. People need to make jokes and they need to have laughter and comedy in their life. I myself have a lot of laughter in my life. One day in fifth grade my best friend and I were jogging around the track for gym class. We were running together and talking and telling jokes to each other to help pass the time because it was really boring. I told this one really awesome joke, I can't remember what it was, and he started laughing so hard. We were both laughing together to the point we were crying. He fell down on the track, and rolled off into the grass.
From Laughter to @CAPS1 @CAPS2 the first day of school last year, I walked through the doors of the school hoping I would make a friend or two. I was not sure of how this would happen but I hoped for the best. I entered my first class and sat at a table with all unknown faces. I wanted to say something but was afraid of their reactions. The teacher made us play a couple games where we had to introduce ourselves. Those didn't really help. Everybody was tense and it was all awkward. I @CAPS3 wanted to be myself already and make friends. For the rest of the day, all my classes were like that. Everybody was tense and awkward, like something was keeping us quiet. Not knowing anybody didn't help the situation a bit. That was the first day for me. The second day I walk through the school doors determined to make some friends.
It's the first day of high school and your gut is full of butterflies that make you want to run to the bathrooms and hide from the world. I had @CAPS7 friends yet and I was to shy to go and join any of the groups so I walked to all of my classes alone. Students would get in my face wanting to know what school I came from and wanted to know all about me. I remember wanting to be left alone, hidden in my own bubble space. Girls would ask @CAPS5 I was upset since I wasn't smiling or having fun getting to know my new classes. Lunch was much more crowded than my old school. Students would sit in hallways eating their lunch or crowd around one big table chattering loudly to one another. I chewed on my lip looking for a spot that wasn't occupied by students.
Laughter can sometimes be something that everyone shares together, sometimes it's used only for few as it's aimed against one another. But hopefully most of the time it's something that we all can share. Laughter opens up a relationship to where people can feel more comfortable with one another. Someone could be a complete stranger to one another and then just by a simple joke, laughter could make them look like they've been friends for years. Now laughing isn't the only thing that helps people become acquainted with one another, they can share similar hobbies or likes and dislikes, but most of the time laughter is something that everyone needs in a relationship. I remember when I fisrt met my friend @PERSON1, he wasn't to outgoing, but through making jokes he seemed more comfortable in talking with others. Me and him would often talk about @CAPS1 our daily lifes where to much to handle, but instead of making jokes about it, we decided to laugh about @CAPS1 we were complaining when our lifes we easy compared to others.
Laughter @CAPS1 is one the most important things in life. People shouldn't go a day without @CAPS1. It's healthy and good in any relationship. It can also help with healing. The best kind of laughter is when you're out of breath and crying. It makes people so happy and wanting more. Don't take life too seriously, just laugh and smile all the time. Someone dying is a dreadful thing. When two high school boys die, it's even worse. On a @DATE1 @TIME1, a group of high school students were walking on the rocks by the ocean, when a sneaker wave snatched two of them. The other kids tried so hard to save them by making a rope of clothing to reach them, but it didn't work. Two beautiful lives were taken away that day, and will not be forgotten. The boys were well liked and had great lives. The families of the students, the school, friends and the community were in shock, and couldn't believe the terrible news.
People can share many things. DNA, clothes, feelings, beliefs, religion, and laughter. For my sister @PERSON3 and I, laughter is what made our relationship stronger than it ever would. When I was younger it was the typical older sister @LOCATION1 younger sister vibe, frankly we did not like each other at all. Through maturing, entering high school, and being part of the same cheer leading organization we have spent almost too much time together and now it's almost as if we are the best of friends. In the @DATE3 we were together constantly. We would watchJerry @PERSON1, laugh and/or make fun of the people who volunteered to be on the show. We would watch clips of the showSaturday @TIME1 @CAPS1, that's where I introduced her to the character "@CAPS2". @PERSON3 and I would talk to each other in the voice that we adapted from "@CAPS2" and laugh constantly about @NUM1 @TIME1 @CAPS1 is also where we adapted the "demonic voice".
One day i was going to my friend @ORGANIZATION1 @PERSON1's house for her @NUM1 birthday party. I knew the birthday party was going to be a lot of fun even though it was only going to be @ORGANIZATION1, @CAPS1 and I. I didn't know it was going to be as fun as it turned out to be though. The whole day i was waiting for it to be @NUM2 so i could go to her house. I packed all my bags and got everything ready, because it was a sleep over. As i was one my way to her she called me and said "before you get to my house look to the right." The whole way my dad and i were driving to her house i kept my eyes on the right side of the rode, i wasn't quit sure what i was looking for though. As we got closer i saw something in the bushes.
We all have had times when some thing happened and you just thought of it as a nuisance. But looking back on the same occurrence you just have to laugh at how silly it was. I recall one of these experiences when I went on a motorcycle camping trip this @DATE1. It was a bright and sunny day when my dad dropped me off at the beginning of the main logging road of the area. I decided to keep my pace slow and steady and just enjoy the beautiful scenery. Later that day I found a picturesque place to camp for a few nights on the river. In the @TIME1, I remembered some spurs off the main road from when I have driven with my brother in these woods and decided to go explore some of them near my camp. I decided to go check out one across the river that looked like a fun ride.
Laughter is a natural reaction every human being has when they are either happy or have heard or seen something that is funny to them. It is healthy to be happy other than sad or mad. Laughter is pretty much a sign of happiness, as crying is of sadness. It is just another natural emotion any person is born with. I agree to the quote someone once said about laughter being the closest distance between two people because, if two people get along, they will have many moments in life together where they are happy. It is easy to get along with people who have a good sense of humor as for they won't take everything personally and can understand a joke. Its always good to have a sense of humor because its something everyone appreciates, also, that way people can see that you like to have fun when you know you don't have to be serious.
One day I decided to go over to my friend @PERSON1's house. When I went over there we cleaned the pool and i ran from her dad because he was chasing me around with a booger on his finger. This was one of the days that me and @PERSON1 laughed more then ever! We started the day just laying in her bad and watching a movie on her tiny @CAPS1. I can't really remember what movie is was but it doesn't really matter since we were too busy talking about totally random things. After the movie was over we went out into the living room to watch @CAPS2 bob because @PERSON1 doesn't have cable in her room. At the time, I had a knee injury so it took me a minute to get comfortable. I got myself situated on the couch and @PERSON1 sat next to me. Her dad came in about @NUM1 minutes later with a booger on his index finger.
 I love @CAPS4 mom very much and she has been there all @CAPS4 @CAPS2,unlike @CAPS4 dad...so ill do as much as i can to see to it that she stays wealthy.Becuse when shes gone @CAPS10 not sure what i would do without her.
I think that laughter is very important. It is very important to me because let's say that a student falls and you laugh at him just because you think its funny it's going to hurt that student. I think that instead of laughing at someone that you could be a good kid and ask him if he is ok and help him up. That shows that student that he really has a friend that cares about him alot and doesn't laugh at him and really cares about his best friend. You also can get rewarded for doing something good but to me it's really not about what I get it's the things i do to help out my peer's . I think that we should not laugh and have a positive attitude and be mature about what we do and what we say and reacact to things like laughing at someone else.
One day i was with my friend @PERSON1. We had been friends for a really long time. I was in a bad mood that day because my dog, taco ran away and i had gotten into an arguement with my parents. @CAPS4 asked me if i wanted to go out on a walk, and i said i did. We were really good friends at this piont, and @CAPS4 always knew when something was wrong, even though i think i hide @CAPS1 pretty well. As we wakled, we walked past children playing at the park with thier parents, and a man playing fetch with his dog, @CAPS1 was sunny and warm. @CAPS1 was durring the summer-time. We stood on the bridge for a minute, then @CAPS4 asked me "whats wrong, @CAPS2?" @CAPS3 @CAPS1 odl him everything that happend, i told him that my dog had ran away and that my parents were mad at me.
The @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS3 extreme temperatures occur, the situation becomes very dangerous. In my case, the extreme weather was @CAPS1. I lived in @LOCATION2, @LOCATION1 at this time and was eight years old. It happened in the middle of @DATE1, @CAPS3 an almost record high temperature occurred @LOCATION2. The day had peaked at one hundred twenty five degrees @CAPS4, and to make matters much worse, our entire neighborhoods power had gone out. Nobody had air conditioning and many people ended up getting severely sick or injured. We lived in a gated community, and everyone got along great. People from the neighborhood gathered together and put up tents for shade, and provided everyone with cold water. There are important things that you must remember @CAPS3 a situation like this happens, you must have a good attitude, because it's no help to be complaining, also to not think about the @CAPS1, and to help other people who need it.
Laughter is such a great joy in my life. If people never laughed life would be dull and boring, most of my favorite experiences involve @CAPS9 while having a good time. One of my best experiences with laughter was going camping with my friends last @DATE2. I will never forget that experience last @DATE2. During the middle of @DATE2 on a beautiful sunny @DATE1 @TIME1 my @CAPS4 @CAPS1 calls me and @CAPS2 me were getting a bunch of guys to go camping and I should come. Immediately I @CAPS3 my parents to let me go with the only exception of turning in my job application to @ORGANIZATION1 before I left for camping. After turning in my application I got in the car picked up my @CAPS4 @PERSON3 and makings for peanut butter and jelly sandwiches and left for the adventure. After I got to my destination after driving @NUM1 miles up river I didn't see anyone just two huge tents where my friends were supposed to be.
Once upon a time on @DATE1, I had my birthday party and my friends come over. My friend tree brought his projector over and hooked his @CAPS1 to it. We played @CAPS2: @CAPS3 on his projector and on my @CAPS4.V. with my @CAPS1. Then we got bored and all of us went out into the living room with the girls and chilled and hung out for a while then we had cake, had an icing fight, and played games laughed so hard. Then we went to the park that was by our apartment. We played @CAPS6 and made jokes and laughed a lot more. Then we went back to my place and we watched @CAPS7 @CAPS8 @NUM1 and laughed at the people who screamed. Then we play spin the bottle/truth or dare and we laughed a lot.
The only true story that I can remember that involves laughter was about @NUM1 years ago at the beach. I was with my mom and my sister @LOCATION1. I was running from incoming waves when I decided to run into just one wave which that wave sweep me off my feet and spun me around for what seemed like forever, but wasn't even @NUM2 seconds. I laughed so hard that I tripped and i started spinning again, my mom had to get me up because I could not stop. I got so many cuts from the sand that it was hilarious. after I got changed I got a big chest that my dad could fit inside it. That's the only time I remember laughter being my true friend.
My @CAPS1 year of high school started off less favorable than most. During the end of my eighth grade year I found that my friends were not as loyal as I believed they were at the beginning of our friendship, and in turn started high school without any. It wasn't all bad because I was able to see things for myself for one of the first times in my life. Of course I sulked but looking back on it now I am appreciative of this time that helped me get to know myself better. However one can't go through life without any friends so I quickly tried to conform to what was considered 'normal'. I had luck from the start, but I was still scorned from being deserted by all the people who I once considered friends and in turn took these recipients as little more than acquaintances. Like most acquaintances we only spoke in class and kept the conversation casual about nothing more than trivial facts.
I'm going to tell you a story of smiles, laughter, and love. The story of my @DATE3 and how I changed the a girl's life and my own with only smiles and laughs. I have three major memories of my time with her, there was the first smile, the day at the beach, and the @TIME1 at the @LOCATION4. Staring with with the beginning, these memories are about me and my neighbors exchange student @PERSON1 and they are memories, they are not perfect. The @TIME1 I made @PERSON1 smile. It was a cool @DATE2 @TIME1 out on the back lawn of grandmothers house which over looks the @ORGANIZATION1 gorge, perfect for watching the firework show. The lawn was even inclined so the you don't have to sit up. @CAPS1 and @PERSON1 came over to sit with me as i waited for the show. @PERSON1 sat to the left of me and @CAPS1, my neighbor and life long friend, to the right.
Summertime is always the highlight of the year for teenagers. It's when temperatures are the highest, we are able to stay out later, and its when we have the best memories of our childhood that we will never forget. It seems like there is never a dull moment when it comes to that time of year. Everyone seems to always get together and find something crazy and fun to do. @CAPS2, @LOCATION1, and I were sitting at home with nothing to do and decided that we were hungry. Without us having a car, we have to walk everywhere so we chose the closest place to @LOCATION1's house, which was at the time, @ORGANIZATION1. We left @ORGANIZATION1's at about ten o clock and started walking around, trying to find something to do. We texted @CAPS1 and found out that he was with @PERSON1 so we all decided that we wanted to hang out at @ORGANIZATION2's house.
I was about ten when this story happened to me. I was with my grandma when the story happened. We were at the park and I put my head in the monkey bars. My grandma had went to the bathroom and I was stick in the monkey bars.The kids at the park thought it was funny and were laughing at me. I was really embarrassed.When I got my head out of the monkey bars I told the kids that they should try putting there head in the monkey bars. The other kids tried doing it and they all got there heads stuck in the monkey bars. The kid did not know that I had practiced putting my head in the monkey bars so that it would not get stuck. I was laughing very hard at what I had just done and when my grandma came out I asked if we could go home.
Friendship and Laughter go @CAPS1 in @CAPS1 @CAPS3 best friend and I would spend hours sitting on her bed laughing at nothing. We could tell stories to each other that, to other people would just be stupid, but to us were hilarious. We would stay up all night long watching sad movies and laughing at each other when we caught each other crying. But that was all before the big fight. We have had fights before but none like this. I knew that the decision I would make would ruin our friendship, and take away all of our laughter, but I couldn't let her get away with what she had done. So i said goodbye. @CAPS3 best friends name is @CAPS4, we have known each other sense we were two and have been inseparable sense then. We love to hang out and be together. That was until the fight were I was told that she had been telling lies about a boy and I.
Laughter is always the answer. It was freezing and dark outside. The walk home was to long to handle but the laughter that was filling the air made the walk home a little faster and shorter. The cars kept passing and stairing, but all we could do was laugh some more because we knew we were making fools of ourselfs, we didnt care one bit. The weird voices that kept coming out our mouths, the crazy @CAPS1 dance moves and the facial exspressions were the funniest thing to us. Stupid things that people do are the funniest things. Becasue I knew if you laugh more then usual you will build your friendship more and live your life more to the fullest. As @PERSON2 and I were walking back home from @PERSON1 we were dreding the walk home. It seemed like it was going to take two hours because of how long it took to get there when it was really about ten minutes away from my house, not even that.
In the @DATE1, a primary group of friends would search for different adventures to part take in. This group of people consisted of kids of all ages, @PERSON5@NUM1, @PERSON1@NUM2, @PERSON2@NUM3, and @PERSON4@NUM4. Around late @DATE2, on a hot day, @PERSON5 got an idea to head over to @LOCATION2, @ORGANIZATION2 and go cliff diving. He called it the "cliffs". So the whole group got together and took off on an hour car ride to @LOCATION2. Once they got there, it only got hotter outside, and the need for cooling off was getting to be a priority. They parked, then walked the train tracks. The closer they got to they're destination, the louder the voices that they @CAPS1 hearing became. The spot was a secluded area with a rocky floor, people getting a running start to jump off the highest peak and go crashing on to the waters surface below. Right away @PERSON5 and @PERSON1 wanted to get settled so that they could join the others.
the @CAPS1 @CAPS2 trip I just woke up when I herd a laughing sorta noise from down stairs. I went down stairs and saw @PERSON2 , my manger laughing with @PERSON1 one of my staff. she drove me and @PERSON2 and @PERSON3 time for the plane ride to @LOCATION1. I was scared because my dad jack died on a plane . i wont focus on that i m going to focus on this topic.When we landed that was the funnest of the ride :) the bumps in the @CAPS2 were so bumpy ,@CAPS3 we found our luggage and went to the shuttle were we drove to the hotel .We paid for the shuttle and went on our way to the hotel rooms ( i laughed at @LOCATION2 because he spill soda on his shirt ).@CAPS3 since we only had two day park hopper we had to stay at the hotel for the first day, for dinner we had food from a restaurant named chubby s it was the nastiest food I have ever had the fries were cold and the meat was not cooked all the way and there was no ice in our soda.
I moved to the @LOCATION4from @LOCATION5 with my family when I was just a child. We moved the small town of @CAPS1, @ORGANIZATION2, where we have lived for @NUM1 years. Over the years there have been many difficult times, but we always managed to get through them by laughing together as a family.This past year has been especially trying, and I don't think we would have survived if we hadn't been able to celebrate the tragic time with laughter. My @CAPS2 stayed in @LOCATION5 when we moved to the @LOCATION1 because he was sick and didn't think he could survive the trip. Last year we finally convinced him to @CAPS3 up here with the rest of the family. He moved in with my family and shared my bedroom. It was hard because he snored and made strange noises in his sleep, but I was glad he was with us. When I would wake up tired from lack of sleep, I would just think about the funny noises and laugh.
My newest botfriend and i have been dateing for well almost @NUM1 months on @DATE1 it will be a year. We have a lot of fun together we talk about anything we dont rreally ride bikes or go jogging we have just started to work out togther. My parents love him they call him there son in law i think its kinda cute.. but anyways we had a blast on new years eve and we were hanging out with one of joes friends his name is randy we were doing the normal thing hanging out bbqs everything. It was around like @TIME1 and we were ready to go to bed well randy had no idea that we were going to stay the night we nither did i but we did.. Randy owns a hotel place out by grayback they had no extra beds in there house so we asked randy if we could use a hotel room he said yeah of coures.
The @CAPS1 is @CAPS2 @CAPS3 great grandmother once told me that laughing adds and extra five years onto your life, she's currently @NUM1 years old. Laughing can bring a new element to relationships; they embark on a journey, whether it be between two friends, family members, or something more. More or less, laughter is an essential piece. Sometimes you feel closer to people because it breaks down that barrier between what defines acquaintance and friends, but that's actually how I met one of @CAPS3 good friends. The incoming @CAPS11 were participating a traditional ritual (name game) that the high school puts the incoming @CAPS11 through at orientation. They were placing us in long lines that faced each other. For this particular game you had to shake hands and share your first and last name with your partner along with one interesting fact about yourself. Unsurprisingly, everyone found this task ridiculous and embarrassing, but we were able to laugh if off.
Whats Laughter!How many friends do you really have? What relationships do you have with others? Well, I'm in high school and I usually don't have that many friends. But I have a few and one of my friends @CAPS4 friends with someone that I truly love. (@CAPS1 didn't know that) @CAPS2 year I was a freshmen and i went to the church with some of my friends and their was an @NUM1 grader that fell in the pond/water and I wasn't sure @CAPS20 @CAPS1 was @CAPS3 or not so I end up coming up to him and asked.Me; @CAPS4 you @CAPS3?, do you need some help?@CAPS1 said; @CAPS6, its @CAPS3 I just sprained my ankle.Me; @CAPS3, see you later then.Him. Later thanks for asking though.me; @CAPS9 sure, @CAPS6 problem! The next year when I'm a sophomore I didn't realized that @CAPS1 was going to be their as a freshmen! his name is @CAPS11 I was starting to hang out with him more because @CAPS1 was really funny and sweet.
The @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS3 the of day of @DATE1, I was turning @NUM1 years old and me and my best friend were at home, I called him seeing what he has planed for this nice sunny day and he told me he had nothing in mind, so we kept trying to think of something but for @NUM2 hours we had no luck. I called him again and we met up at a grade school and just sat down @CAPS3 a bench and started calling people to see whats up with everyone and no one would answer there phones. It became about @NUM3 pm when we stopped calling people to make planes, so my friend asked me if I wanted to go get something to eat, I told him sure since we had no luck for a whole @DATE2 @TIME1. What sucks was that it was the @DATE2 of the @DATE3, and school was going to begin @CAPS3 @DATE4.
My @CAPS1, my friend, and myself were driving down the road on our way to pick up a mutual friend for youth group that night. Our conversation was anything but special. We were mainly just telling stories of fun times that we had already had with our old friend, and looking forward to making some new ones together. She was such an amazing person. Always ready to crack a joke, make new friends, and have a good time. Her smile was cute, and she was bale to talk someone into doing anything. As we pulled up to her house, we were thrilled to be able to see her again. It had been weeks since the last "play date", and we couldn't wait to be able to catch up with her. She walked out her front door and trotted to our car. The smile on her face was enough to tell us that the feeling, of being reunited, was mutual.
My best friend @CAPS1 and I have known each other since we were two years old. We've helped each other through good times and bad, and are there for each other like chocolate on a bad day. @CAPS1's best quality is the fact that she can make me laugh no matter what mood I'm in. This year @CAPS1 decided to go to @ORGANIZATION4's, an all girls @CAPS3 @ORGANIZATION2 in @LOCATION1, instead of continuing on to @ORGANIZATION1 like me. The first day of @ORGANIZATION2, I could feel that something was missing. @CAPS1. Without her cackling laugh ringing down the hallways, it felt oddly quiet. It reminded me of a place where we made most of our hilarious memories, and where we were told to "shush" a fair amount too. Our little brick @CAPS3 church! Most @DATE1's, I stood up on the alter with the priest and helped him prepare the bread and such.
Shafts of light escape through fogged windows casting a shadowed glare upon the surface of the table. A tremendous sign hovers on a wide oak shelf that borders the entire dining area. @CAPS16 read's "@CAPS1's" in great letters buried under decades of dust. My eyes dance among the plethora of mismatched antiques and statues strung throughout the room easily filling every crevice. These objects form a family of outliers, each individually unique belonging @CAPS15 the restaurant. Huge posters of All-@CAPS2 athletes tower among @NUM1-inch flat screens while an acrid scent of molded wood and fermented beer lingers. Numerous bras fall from the ceiling of the bar that sits next @CAPS15 the entrance. The sound of crunching echoes in my ears as waitresses maneuver over fallen peanut shells. That's @CAPS4 sets this place apart from the others. The entire floor is littered with barrels of @TIME1's broken shells and mashed peanuts as @CAPS16 is custom for the customers @CAPS15 throw them on the ground.
A long time ago, my family @CAPS6 I went to @LOCATION1 to see my great aunt @CAPS6 uncle. They had a log cabin right on the lake, with an @CAPS1 tepee in the back yard. They had a dock with a very big @CAPS6 nice boat. I had went with my @CAPS2, my other aunt @CAPS6 my two half sisters. I forgot why we went, but I think it was just because it was the @DATE2 @CAPS6 my great aunt @CAPS6 uncle were getting older. I was very young, @CAPS7 I only remember bits @CAPS6 pieces of the trip. I remember watching cartoons with my sister on the couch, watching "@CAPS3 @CAPS4" in our bedroom, having my sisters make me watch my first scary movie(I hate scary movies), going to a go cart track @CAPS6 driving for the first time, taking one of the extra little boats @CAPS6 going on the lake with one of my older half sisters, also taking the big boat @CAPS6 riding around the lake with my great uncle, he would turn in circles @CAPS7 that we would jump on the wave to make the ride more fun!
Laughter can be a very important thing in everyones life because, its something that can help you in many ways. As far as I remeber laughter has helped me get thru alot of emotional problems that I would have with alot of my ex boyfriends. One day my mom saw me crying because my ex had broken up with me and I got really upset so the only thing my mom said to me was that "laughter was the best medican"at that point I didn't understand what she was trying to say, but now that im getting older I start to realize what she ment with that is that being bummbed about something like that is just useless, and that I had to live my life to the fullest because I was to young to cry over someone who I jst had a simple crush on and she was totally right about that.
I personally do believe that laughter is very important in any relationship. Who doesn't enjoy laughter every once in a while? I know i do. My true story is on the relationship of my @NUM1 year old toddler daughter and I. I will tell you why I think laughter is important, how it is important, the part it plays in my relationships, and the benefits I believe it can have for any persons relationships. Everyone needs to smile and just laugh, forget about the things that make you frown, so you can turn it upside down. My relationship with @PERSON1(my @NUM1 year old), has mixed emotions at all times, and is constantly changing. The emotions range from complete happiness and admiration, to anger, frustration, and a whole lot of stressfulness. Of course during all of these different feelings, I always love her with every inch of my heart. But during the midst of feeling so stressed out that I want to scream, she will say the funniest thing, or make the most adorable face.
@LOCATION2 @LOCATION2 @CAPS1 wants to travel, and while traveling is fun, it is more exciting to go with people you love, but sometimes you go somewhere with people you @MONTH1 not know very well. Every two years or so, the choir at my @ORGANIZATION1 has an opportunity to go on a trip together. During these trips, the students are able to work with college professors, eat tons of junk food, get away from their parents, and just have a great time together. It's a experience that every @ORGANIZATION1 @CAPS2 dreams of. At the beginning of my @CAPS3 year of @ORGANIZATION1 @ORGANIZATION1, my choir director announced that we would have the opportunity to go to @LOCATION2. I was ecstatic to be going, but I'm an extremely introverted person and I knew that I didn't really have any friends in the choir. I also can't walk, and was scared I would be left behind in a store because I couldn't open the doors or they would go across a street corner that didn't have a @CAPS5 dip down into the street, and thousands of other things that were racing through my mind.
I believe laughter brings many different people together. In my friendships with friends we are always laughing about random, silly, things that happen to us each day. Laughter is an important part of any friendship or relationship. One time when laughter help me out the most was the during fourth grade. Fourth grade had brought so many ups and downs with it which none of us knew it would. My friends and I had the biggest fight over the littlest reason. This fight included my best friend @PERSON2, also my neighbor, @PERSON1, @PERSON3, and @PERSON4. We all were very close until this fight which was over my favorite sport, @CAPS1, and @CAPS2. Everyone had their sides, @PERSON4 sided with @PERSON2 and I was all alone. @PERSON1 and @PERSON3 didn't side with anyone they just wanted us to get along. It was the hardest for @DATE2 and I because we were best friends and did everything together.
Benefits of laughter Laughter has always been a big part of my life. when you laugh you are having fun. Having fun puts you in a good mood. When my friends and I get into arguments, or disagreements laughter can be our mediator. Laughter can make a bad situation slightly bearable. Laughter even has great health benefits like working out your core, and lungs. One of my best friend's mom recently passed away right before @CAPS1. Her name was @CAPS2. She was like a second mother to me for several reasons. I had known her for @NUM1 years, and for a small amount of time i even lived at her house. She was basically a mother figure to me, because i don't live with my birth mother. I use to see her almost everyday, because of my friend @PERSON1. He is @NUM2 and we hang out just about every day. I remember the morning he called me and told me his mom was dead on the floor in her bedroom.
@CAPS2 @CAPS1 The first time i ever heard about the sport @CAPS2 @CAPS1 was the beginning of my freshman year. I was interested in doing it but i wasn't really sure about it. Though during eighth grade i had played volleyball just for the fun of it and really enjoyed it. I had decided i wanted to play volleyball once i got into high school. But when i got into high school my opinion of still playing on the high school volleyball team changed. I realized it was much more then i expected, the people, and the attitudes i realized that if i were to play on the high school volleyball team i wouldn't have any fun. So i started to look into joining the @CAPS2 @CAPS1 team. I had finally decided to sign up and join the team. I had really hope i would like @CAPS2 @CAPS1 because it was my first year on the team and i had absolutely no idea what to expect of it.
One of the most oddest things in life is how people can have different ways of doing things for just about anything. @CAPS1 what I see most is laughing. There is that laugh you do when you don't really understand your bosses joke and then there is that laugh that you do when it really isn't the "right time." @CAPS1 one of my favorite is laughing at your best friend when your crying. Sitting on the train a few weeks ago, I saw a lady with her friend sobbing about how her boyfriend just recently broke up with her. Quietly turning over my shoulder I try to hear more of the story. Her friend nodded and comfort her. @CAPS1 then said something about how gross it was when he ate. Sort of like a cow eating grass. As soon her friend said this the girls face blushed and she giggled with laughter.
All Of us now how to laugh and all of us probably have laughed at least once in our entire lives. But I never laughed as hard as I did the day my friend @CAPS1 and I were waiting for our friends @LOCATION1, @PERSON2 and @PERSON3 to come back from getting @PERSON3 from @LOCATION3 to come down and hang out for a little while. @PERSON1 had to wait at my house for them to get back, on the way to my house I'm thinking what in the world am I supposed to do with @CAPS1 all alone? @PERSON1 and I always have a lot of fun hanging out with each other but we always have people around when we do hang out, I anticipated when @PERSON1 got there cause I couldn't think of what me and @PERSON1 could do when we were at my house with out @PERSON2 and @PERSON4 being there.
I live in a life full of laughter, I can not think of a day that I have not laughed. Even when I went threw the hardest days of my life a little @DATE1, there was still someone to make me or a reason to laugh. I think laughing is the best medicine for a person. If you are someone that can go a day without laughing, I'd love to meet you and make that change! There are a few particular times I can remember that we're just full of laughter, most involving family and friends. The first one that I can remember was when my parents showed me a picture of when I was a little girl, there are many laughing episodes when it come to me as a little kid. The picture they showed me was when it was @DATE2 time and I had no shirt, just shorts on.
Laughter is the @CAPS1 @CAPS2't @CAPS6 frustrating when you can't manage to get someone to laugh? Is @CAPS6 really possible to be so upset that you can't even crack a little smile? There's something to laugh at in every situation, sometimes @CAPS6 just takes some thinking and imagination to figure out what @CAPS6 is. I personally had an experience where laughter was all I could look to in order for me to feel like everything was okay. Last @DATE1, I was babysitting, @CAPS6 was a nice and sunny day and we were all craving chocolate frostys from @ORGANIZATION1. At the time I could not legally drive anybody outside of my family, so we decided to call my sister, @LOCATION1. She had the day off work, so @CAPS6 seemed to be a perfect day for frostys. We waited for what seemed like forever for @PERSON2 to get to the house and finally, after about an hour, she pulled in the driveway.
Laughter is a huge part oh building friendships, relationships, and partnerships. Laughing is the first thing you learn to do you are born knowing how to laugh its the only thing that you are born to know how to do. Laughter for me is what starts a friendship if I can make someone laugh we are already closer then when we first said "@CAPS1". As an example when I started working at the daycare i am at now when I got the other teachers to laugh you can just tell its there way of excepting you as part of there crew. On the first day of work I walked in the the daycare nervous they sent me to the preschool classroom. I am pretty sure my boss could tell I was nervous and it made me laugh. It made me feel welcome to be there and like we could be friends.
Laughter, @CAPS1 and @CAPS2 on an @CAPS3 @DATE1 @CAPS4 One of my favorite @DATE1 traditions is the visit to the house of our @CAPS2, the @CAPS5. They live on eighty forested and meadowed acres outside of a quaint, old town. Their small green house overlooks brown fields and a blue pond, with tall trees forming a backdrop. We arrive midmorning. We either find our @CAPS2 in the house or encounter them tromping out of the woods to meet us, shovels, chainsaws and other trailbuilding implements in their hands. After the customary hello, how have you been, we often wander around the yard, exclaiming at the new fruit trees or hearing stories about the latest tenants of the birdhouses. During the hottest part of the @CAPS4, we head for the shade of the lush @ORGANIZATION1 woods. A short walk will bring us to a trail. I love walking among the sun-streaked ferns and fallen logs, treading carefully the rickety bridges over burbling streams, bouncing confidently on the sturdy new bridges, and trying to avoid the dogs as they galumph in and out of the water.
Misunderstood "@CAPS1 the heck is her problem," is @CAPS1 I thought as I glanced over and @CAPS7 gave me @CAPS15 nasty look. @CAPS27 obviously thought the new girl was weird. @CAPS7 @CAPS24 had @CAPS15 killer look in her eyes. I observed the way @CAPS7 glared at @CAPS27 in the room, and how her facial expression never changed. "@CAPS2 huh," my cousin, @PERSON1, asked while staring at @CAPS3, who was, of course, the new girl. I glanced over at @CAPS3 and then back at @LOCATION1. "@CAPS5 on! @CAPS11 can say @CAPS26! @CAPS7 can't hear us," @CAPS7 whispered. @PERSON1's whispers weren't exactly as quiet as @CAPS7 thought. @CAPS3 could probably hear everything we were saying. I glanced over at her again, and I noticed behind those cold eyes, @CAPS7 seemed kinda lonely and sad. I guess @CAPS26's possible, @CAPS7 has been the talk of the whole @NUM1 grade class since @CAPS7 arrived about @NUM2 days ago.
It is often said that laughter can bring people together. I hold that knowledge to be true. We've all laughed at one point in our lives, whether it was in a group of people, or just laughing, and having a @CAPS9 time. Reality is we are all connected to each other in one very simple way, we all have laughed in our lives. Laughter to everyone means something different. To @CAPS15 laughter can mean that I'm happy and full of life and other times it can simply mean that I feel I really don't know @CAPS22 to do. There's one time though that it meant both. It was a cold, and rainy @DATE1 day in @DATE2. I was with my friends watching movies. When I'm with my friends typically that means we're talking about the latest thing, guys, hair, and whatever else. "@CAPS1 my gosh @PERSON3!" We heard @PERSON2 scream as @PERSON1 and I walked into my room.
Laughter is one of the most important elements in one's life. If you're down, one smile, or laugh, causes your body to send messages throughout you body making you feel better. Scientists also say that it takes more muscles to frown than smile. I believe that this is true, because in order to frown, you have to make your whole body look like it's frowning, like your shoulders and your face, but only a little smile shows people that you're happy. In that way, my family is extremely beneficial to each other. Everyday when we're having a conversation, someone will bring up a story, or movie quote that they were reminded of and say it out loud to everybody with just the right accent so that it sounds exactly like the movie, and cause everyone to laugh. For example, every now and again, my brother or sister will bring up a quote from @PERSON1 or @PERSON2, two comedians we really enjoy listening to, and every person in the room would pitch in with hilarious quotes they said and this could go on all night.
The human brain is a piece of work. Its the kingdom to our lives. It infuriates us, guides us, helps us and destroys us. Our brains can make our bodies feel anything it wants to. Its really something else. One of the most valuable things are brains are capable of is a sense of humor. Laughter. The ability to not take life to seriously for a moment. That light switch in @CAPS7 body that causes @CAPS7 brain to reach a state of uncontrollable happiness. Laughter is our brains only way of coping with the world. Scoping out the comical events life has to offer us. I am personally one of those people that finds everything in life funny, or will find a way to make it funny. I am hardly ever serious nor take things seriously. The same with my friends, we are always the people having a good time because we make life interesting.
It was my thirteenth birthday. I woke up on a sunny day which was odd for @ORGANIZATION1 because it was late @DATE1. I got up with excitement. I ran to the kitchen where my parents were. My dad asked me if I wanted to go to work with him and i said yes. My dad is a roofer so i couldn't go on top of the houses because i was to young. I had to stay on the bottom and pick up trash that they would throw. I was doing that for a while, then i got my soccer ball out of my dads truck and i started running around kicking the ball. As i was running i noticed this slippery spot. I had in mind not to go there but i forgot and i stepped on the slippery spot. i fell but while i was falling some how i kicked the soccer ball and it hit the wall and it came back to hit me in the face.
What would you do in a world with @CAPS4 laughter? Everyday everyone smiles or laughs. It makes a person feel better. Laughing is a healthy drug it affects you and other people for the best. There are many times in my life where all I needed was to laugh. All I wanted was to have someone there to make me smile and bring up my spirits. I have an example. I just moved again it was my @NUM1 high school. I felt totally alone I knew nobody, and nobody was there to help me feel less alone. I wanted a friendly face to smile at me, or talk to me. The whole @NUM2 hours at this new school was dreadful. When waiting for my mom to come get me I was hating my new life here. "@CAPS1 @CAPS4 one talked to me on the first day, then @CAPS4 one will talk to me at all" is what kept passing through my mind.
@PERSON1 of laughter Once upon a time there once lived a girl named @PERSON1. The year was two thousand and fourty eight and there were only a few people that were alive after @DATE1, thats @CAPS7 the world ended. @PERSON1's friend @PERSON2 was a huge @CAPS1 freak. She would, by herself, make funny vidoes and put them on @CAPS2 @CAPS3 @CAPS4. One day she was so bored that she went and sat in front of her computer camera and made an I'm a @ORGANIZATION1" video. It was the funniest thing @PERSON1 had ever seen. She was wearing a a @ORGANIZATION1 hat that was part of the @CAPS1 uniform, and was wearing a @CAPS1 shirt with some of the known characters. @PERSON2 was singing, "I'm a @ORGANIZATION1. I'm a little @ORGANIZATION1 @ORGANIZATION1. I'm slitherin' slitherin' in the garden, snatching me up a mouse, a mousey mouse. I'm going to move my tongue to taste you." @CAPS7 she was finished she posted it on the web site.
When we look back on the past, everything seems to have had a deeper meaning. When we grow older, however, we see the world with new eyes. We see the truth, harsh, stripped of the glossy film that hid it. Laughter helps us see the joy once again, to remember it is there. When is the last time you got lost in laughter? Studies have shown that laughter releases feel-good chemicals in the body. It can add years to a life because, believe it or not, our bodies like to be happy. Laughter is a highly addictive and contagious drug and the best part is that it is free, legal and healthy! Laughter makes us feel better in times of need and brings us closer together. Through whatever is happening in our lives, laughter is one of the only things that can distract us from the pain and stress. As life gets more and more complicated as we grow older, we find that laughter is harder to come by, but no less needed.
It all started with a book @DATE1 @DATE1 ago. My mom had noticed I was struggling to find friends, so she took it upon herself to help me make some. She had a few friends from school who had kids of their own, some my age. I had been around these girls a few times as a child, but not recently. I'm not sure today what my mom saw in @LOCATION1 that made her think we would click, but she was right. What seemed like such a small action would change my life drastically. In @DATE2, in my new house I first met @PERSON1. That evening before she arrived I couldn't help but be very upset at my mom for doing this. I felt I was fine and fully capable of making friends myself. She acted like she knew me, but the few acquaintances I had she didn't believe would be good for me.
Sence I was a little girl I' ve lived without my bio mom, @CAPS1 gave me up for adaption when @CAPS1 was only @NUM1, @CAPS1 wasn't ready @CAPS8 be a mom. @CAPS1 has always been a risk taker an never thought about her concequences. My adoptive parents have always been truthful @CAPS4 me about her an why @CAPS1 gave me up. I accept how my life has turned out an im very grateful, @CAPS2 i wasn't adopted i wouldnt have gotton @CAPS8 know my @PERSON1, The most loving, adventurous, funny, wise women you would ever meet. As soon as i could walk @PERSON1 would have me out camping and hiking @CAPS4 her. @CAPS2 @CAPS6 was a nice sunny day no one would have any doubt were we would be. @CAPS2 we were at @PERSON1's house in the @DATE1 or @DATE2 we would always be out in her garden boy how @PERSON1 @CAPS3 her gardens and flowers.
Laughing is one of the things we do best. @PERSON1 and I talk almost everyday and never get tired of laughing. We talk about everything and even if it is the saddest thing in the world we will be able to make it funny in a way, it's just one of those things we do. As best friends it's our job to make each other feel better, and if one calls the other crying it's their job to make the them laugh and if it is funny for both @CAPS2 know it was a job well done. In @DATE3, my uncle died, I called her crying my eyes out, she said, everything was going to be okay and to just think of all the good memories I had of him. One of the only ones I could think of was the funniest story of my life and even though I was still crying, through those tears there was laughter and I knew my uncle would want me to laugh and he was right there laughing with me.
Laughter. Something everyone does. Its natural, organic, normal. They say children laugh more than adults, maybe that's @CAPS6 keeps them children. They can still let that deep instinct to enjoy themselves be expressed in bursts of happy noise. Laughter is always unique to every person. Some have musical laughs, others have deep belly laughs. Then there @CAPS10 those or snort or snicker, the kind of laugh that makes @CAPS8 laugh because @CAPS8 hear it. Those @CAPS10 my favorite. Someone once said, "Laughter is the shortest distance between two people" and I couldn't agree more. Laughing with people has been the greatest influence in my relationships with my friends. I have five girlfriends that I would not be able to live without. They support me, love me, and get me to be bold and get out of my comfort zone. There have been many sleepovers where at two in the morning all @CAPS8 here is the laughter of all of us at some shocking @TIME1 confession or horror at the "would @CAPS8 rather?" someone just came up with.
One day, a day before the party for my brother's @DATE1 to be exact. We were setting up party stuff and cleaning the house and the apartment because that's were the boy's will be hanging out and sleeping. My cousin @PERSON4 and I were helping mom and the boy's that were already here and their names would be @PERSON5 , @CAPS1 and @CAPS2. @PERSON6 was already here of course because he's the @DATE1 boy. The boy's were suppose to be cleaning the apartment but their boy's and the only things on theirs minds are girls and video games. They played video games instead of cleaning and mom got mad. Lucky for them mom was in a very good mood or they would have got @CAPS7. The last to boy's showed up now. The last two boy's showed up and their names are @PERSON2 and @PERSON3 and @PERSON1 is showing up tomorrow after noon.
The @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS3 @CAPS4 @CAPS5 @PERSON1 is an essential for me to survive this crazy thing called life. So instead of writing about one experience where laughter is a key element I am going to write a montage of true events where laughter shows my true colors as to who I am. I think I should start with my blond moments first seems how that's my natural hair color. When I was little I would take my shirt off, throw it on the ground and be like "mommy, I can't find my shirt" @CAPS6 would tell me, "@PERSON1 @CAPS21 just threw it on the ground", I would look in all the wrong places and result to crying on the floor. @CAPS6 would pick my shirt off the floor hand it to me and then I would do the same thing all over again. Yeah @CAPS21 could say I was a little embarrassed when I got older and they had it on video camera, but that's what I love @CAPS21 grow up and laugh about what was once embarrassing and @CAPS21 move on.
Twins For a @CAPS1 Laughter is a large part of who I am. I am a very happy, outgoing person, and I love to laugh. I especially the laughs that make your stomach feel like its going to fall out of your body and continue laughing on the floor. That's @CAPS23 I surround myself with people that are like me, that's my best friend @PERSON1 and I are like two peas in a pod. People tell us all the time that we look like twins, and when we're together @CAPS24's like a hurricane of loud, crazy laughter. The best part of our friendship is that we are alike I think, and we use @CAPS24 to our advantage. One @CAPS1 @PERSON1 and I were taking a stroll downtown. We were just window shopping,when we past a clothing store that had on display a auburn tank top that had blue swirls coming up from the bottom and up one side, also a pair of dark blue jeans with a rip in the knee.
Somewhere along the road a guy once said "a laugh a day keeps the doctor away." @CAPS1 the hell was he talking about? I didn't really know or understand the importance of it either. Until i found out first hand how important those words could be, and how right that unknown genius was. It was just a few years ago when the most traumatic event happened to me.Do you remember that first girl or guy you thought you loved? If you can, do u recall that feeling of heartbreak and utter distraught? Well, if u can then u might understand how I felt...and sometimes do feel. If not you @MONTH1 learn something of importance to which you might realize why you're single. Before that certain event,when @CAPS2 and I would end up fighting, we'd end up making jokes about it to get through. We'd sometimes intentionally go to see romantic movies to laugh at how the girl or guy in them would break down crying.
Side by side with my best friend @PERSON1 we begin to walk to the park. The rained on @DATE1 @TIME1 wasn't very pretty or warm but the pleasures of watching lost and the hopeless at this particular park in @LOCATION1 was enough for us. Approaching the grass to the benches, mud was dominating my shoes when I was starting to think other wise of such fun. Sitting on the damp leaf filled benches we notice a man and his child walking toward us. Although this man was quite odd looking we quickly grew excited for what he had to say to us was more than likely going to match his appearance. The fellow looked to be in his late thirty's with tight pants covered in what appeared as sharpie written all over him. A knitted scarf and with a small hat to match he had this flaming homely look about him.
Have you ever got a detention from laughing an inordinate amount in class? If you haven't, you're very lucky. I know that teachers absolutely hate students that don't pay attention in class, or students that will randomly start laughing when they're giving a lecture. I'm that student that will randomly bust up laughing (preferably at my own jokes) in class. In other words, I'm a teachers worst nightmare. Ring....ring....ring, time for @CAPS1. It was a beautiful afternoon and I was feeling great! When I walked into the class, I automatically noticed that our teacher wasn't his blessedly self. But I ignored it and went on with what I normally do, which is get out my @CAPS2 and crank up the tunes. I like to listen to music because it relaxes me and helps me focus more. The downside to listening to music is that you can't exactly hear everything that great.
How Laughter @CAPS1 Laughter can be a huge help when going through difficult times. Like the time when my brother got ran over by a skid steer(tracked loader) at our farm. We didn't know how bad it was going to be @CAPS2 through our time of uncertainty our family was there to be with us and help us through and keep us from getting down. It was just another day on the farm and we were out running the machines. The day was going just fine until after dinner my mom had told me and my brother to go out and cut corn. "@CAPS2 mom" me and my brother said in unison. She wouldn't hear it and told us to hurry up and leave. So we went down to the shop and got the skid steer out. My brother, @PERSON1 still hadn't come down and so I started it and started driving towards the garden.
We all understand the benefits of laughter. Laughter can show emotions, but can also go to the distance of strengthening a friendship, or relationship. To many people laughter is a very important part of any relationship. First, Laughter is very important in a friendship. If you cant have a fun happy friendship then you wont have a good friendship. Building up to a friendship is always sometimes difficult. It can take up to a good laugh, to not laughing at all to determine your friendship. Having a friendship with someone is one of the best feelings. Knowing that you have someone you can trust, talk to, be there for you, and the most important laugh with is a great feeling. Also, laughter is important in every childhood memories. Thinking back to when i was little i was always laughing. Even though my mom and dad left me and my brothers i always had my grandparents, brothers, cousins, even aunt and uncles to keep my busy and always have a good time.
Have you ever been in an an awkward situation and lightened the mood with laughter? I have, as have many. I find that laughter makes people more comfortable, which allows them to be their own person. Laughter @MONTH1 even help some to attract a positive, friendly crowd, who enjoy funny, happy people. Laughter @MONTH1 not work in this way for everyone, but here are some ways it has helped me. I was at a homeschoolers' group in @LOCATION1 years ago and didn't know anyone there. After walking around a while this girl talked to me. She was funny, and being able to laugh made me more comfortable and I had a fun time. I just had to fin d the right person. Another time where laughter might've helped was when I was invited to a birthday party of a friend I hadn't seen in over two years. Several others were there I hadn't seen in a long while.
@CAPS1 up kids my mother said as she was scrambling to get her stuff packed and ready.I knew exactly what i did wrong, I didn't set my alarm on my phone for six am. I set it for six pm and now we are late. Thinking to my self I hurried to get my clothes packed for the week. six pairs of pants, six pairs of shirts, six pairs of underwear, and six pairs of socks. I put my bag next to the front door realizing now that it was next to my other bag I had already packed the day before. My sisters were worse, as girls they take for ever putting on there makeup and and straightening their hair.Finally everyone is packed, but it was now seven am and we were supposed to be to @LOCATION2 by now and were still sitting here at our house. As my sisters are now done and we are in the car we can finally get off to @LOCATION3.
The members of my immediate family are known to be both incredibly clumsy and easily startled. Broken dishes are a common occurrence in our house; as are spilled drinks, stubbed toes, and blood-chilling screams whenever the toaster pops up. Though all of us are used to these types of things, not everyone around us is, which can lead to interesting encounters. Many people find pleasure in jabbing me in the sides to hear me scream, and laugh when I trip over the slightest crack in the floor. Though it can get annoying sometimes, it @MONTH1 also give me a reason to get over my pride and laugh at myself, thus relieving any tensions I @MONTH1 have been feeling about the social setting. For example, a few years ago I was staying with my @CAPS1 @CAPS2 troop at @LOCATION1. Any situation involving large groups of people can be intimidating, but it is increasingly terrifying when the group is made up of girls, ages four to eighteen, with only a few adults thrown in to make sure the girls do not bludgeon each other to death.
While living in @LOCATION5 I met the two people, whom are now my best friends, @PERSON1 @CAPS14 @CAPS1 @PERSON6. I met them both in entirely different ways. @PERSON1 threw school, @CAPS14 @CAPS1 threw paintball. I met @PERSON1 when she moved from @LOCATION3, @LOCATION1. her dad was in the @ORGANIZATION1, @CAPS14 had been transferred to the base that was close to where I lived. We had two classes @CAPS14 lunch together. At first her @CAPS14 I didn't really talk much. It wasn't until one of my friends, @PERSON3, brought her to sit with us during lunch. Our friend @PERSON4 was overly hyper that day @CAPS14 ended up falling backwards in his chair @CAPS14 scaring some girls who'd been walking by at the time. We laughed so hard our faces went cherry red. After lunch we had class together, so we walked together @CAPS14 talked about lunch. I then asked her to sit with me during @CAPS3.
The @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS3 started out a few years back when I first met my cousin @ORGANIZATION1. For the first time I spent the night at his house, the day before we were outside all day running around his yard and jumping off their roof. @CAPS3 was all very fun and entertaining but no matter what we did @ORGANIZATION1 had something to say about every little thing we did or saw. "this looks like that!", or "she sounds like this!" @CAPS4 his tone of voice and his unique way of shouting @CAPS3, I could not stop laughing. @CAPS3 was unbearable, @CAPS3 made me laugh so hard and for so long that my stomach would begin to hurt and @ORGANIZATION1 himself would begin laughing from watching me slowly collapse from the uncontrollable laughter.@CAPS3 did not stop there, later that evening we stayed up almost the entire night watching @CAPS1 videos on @CAPS6 and playing @CAPS7 on the @NUM1.
One day is was almost @CAPS1 and my sister, my mom, and I were all in the kitchen making desserts and a bunch of food for @CAPS1 eve dinner. My mom had to leave and go to the store to get more ingredients. Once my mom left my sister and I were still busy working away in the kitchen. I was working on one thing and she was working on another. Finally she was done with making the cookies and decided to help me with the lemon blossoms ( little lemon glazed cakes). The directions called for a fourth of a cup of lemon juice. @CAPS4 i told my sister to get the lemon juice out of the lemons. At this point in time I am making the little cakes, my sister yells at me and asks " do I just squeeze @CAPS3?" and I thinking she cut @CAPS3 says yes.
After a long day at the @ORGANIZATION1 mom said it was my turn to decide where we went to dinner that night. I chose @CAPS1 @CAPS2 because I love their seafood. We got @CAPS6 legs, popcorn shrimp, and coconut battered shrimp. After the food we got two slices of double chocolate lava cake. For some reason it sent us into a fit of laughter. We laughed so hard, we started to cry. We had just finished going clothes shopping at the @ORGANIZATION1 and mom said that I could pick where we went out to eat. My brother started whining about it but mom said it was fair because he got to choose last time. I chose @CAPS1 @CAPS2 which is what my brother said he would have picked anyway. I picked that restaurant for two reasons, first because it was close to the @ORGANIZATION1, and second because I love seafood. Mom didn't have a lot of money so she said we should all share a few things instead for everybody getting their own.
The @CAPS1 of Laughter @CAPS2 friends and I, always find some way to make each other laugh and have a good time. @CAPS2 friends, @PERSON2, and @ORGANIZATION1, are very similar, yet completely different. Both are active, humorous girls. You could almost say they are sisters from how close their personalities match, but it's their appearance that show's otherwise. @PERSON2 is tall and skinny, with short, black, curly hair. Her clear skin has a tint of olive green. Her looks make her seem as if she has a deep secret. The mystery is hidden behind her baby blue eyes. @CAPS2 other friend, @LOCATION1, has sunshine glowing from her hair. Each golden curl ends at her belly button. The freckles, that lightly cover her fair skin, only appear on her perky cheeks. Her eyes seem like the deep blue ocean. You can only imagine swimming in such an amazing color of blue. One @DATE1 @TIME1, while the sun was setting on a cold @DATE2 @CAPS1, @CAPS2 girls and I decided to learn the @PERSON1 @CAPS4 dance.
